Author’s Note: This isn’t a chapter. It’s just a list of the characters in the volume 2 in order of appearance, to help the readers remember who is who. Skip this if you have yet to read Volume 2 or if your memory doesn’t need help.

 White Griffon Academy staff:

 Headmaster Linjos : The young headmaster of the White Griffon academy, tryin to reform the institution on behalf of the Queen.

 Professor Jian Trasque: Holds the "Theory of Combat Magic" class, teaching the students the importance of first (chore) magic and how to use it to survive close encounters, when fake magic is not available.

 Professor Valesa Nalear: Holds the "Principles of Advanced Magic" class, teaching the students a method exclusive to the six big academies on how to cast tier four spells and above.

 Professor Vastor: Professor in charge of the Healer specialization class.

 Professor Duke Marth: Head of the White Griffon Light Department. A brilliant mage and the only one capable to handling Manohar. Dittomarth’s Cameo.

 Professor Krishna Manohar: Nicknamed the "god of healing", is a genius mage with a wild and temperamental attitude. Eddicted’s Cameo.

 Professor Lyca Wanemyre: Professor in charge of the Forgemaster specialization class.

 Professor Rugan Thorman: Professor in charge of the Mage Knight specialization class.

 White Griffon Academy relevant students:

 Yurial Deirus: Son of archmage Deirus, undertaking two specializations: Healer and Warden.

 Friya Solivar: Daugher of Duchess Solivar, undertaking two specializations: Healer and Mage Knight

 Quylla from Cerea: An orphan from a backwater village, aiming to become a Healer like Lith. Before coming to the academy, she suffered from a bad case of malnutrition.

 Visen De Brae: Part of Lith’s Group during the Mock Exam. He is studying to become a Warden.

 Milna Kratic: Part of Lith’s Group during the Mock Exam. She is studying to becomea War Mage.

 Phloria Ernas: Part of Lith’s Group during the Mock Exam. She is studying to becomea Mage Knight.

 Belia Ulphar: Part of Lith’s Group during the Mock Exam. She is studying to becomea Battle Mage.

 Forest Creatures:

 Scarlett: Boss of the forest, is a giant powerful Scorpicore that helps supervising the exams that take place in the wilderness. Scarlett’s Cameo.

 M’Rook: A Ry (Lusername Cameo), a wolf type magical beast. Scarlett second in command and leader of an elite squad.

 Sentar: A Cron,a hawk type magical beast. Member of the elite squad under M’Rook.

 Termyn: A Cingy, a boar type magical beast. Member of the elite squad under M’Rook.