Chapter 921 Runesmithing Part 1
 
 The two different magical rings shared two out of three sets of runes. The first set would enhance Lith’s energy signature so that the mana flow originating from the crystals embedded into the rings would offer less resistance to the Forgemastering process.

 The second set amplified the effects of the rings’ pseudo core, allowing it to be temporarily boosted when necessary.

 The third set of the magic holding ring allowed for energy manipulation so that the spell could be used a little at a time instead of being released in one go. Also, as long as the stored spell wasn’t completely spent, the runes made it possible to recharge or amplify it on the fly.

 In the case of the barrier ring, instead, the third set contained a complex pre-set code that would allow the ring to channel Lith’s mana into a spirit magic barrier even if he had no idea how to do it himself.

 Both rings required three mana crystals each. Two had to be embedded close to each other and facing outside, to project the mana outwards, whereas the third crystal would be in contact with the palm of the wearer to more easily draw upon their mana.

 During the first day, Lith practiced engraving the sets of runes one by one, wasting quite the number of cheap rings. This time he couldn’t use pebbles because, for Runesmithing, with the shape of the item he wanted to craft also varied the spacing between runes.

 Only when he became not only capable of engraving all runes correctly but also to keep the distances between the different sets so that they wouldn’t mess with each other, did he start working on the final hurdle.

 Before attempting to Forgemaster the ring with the purified Orichalcum, Lith had yet to convert the ancient engraving method in the modern fashion. Old runes would be always visible, giving away the nature of their enchantment and betraying Lith’s success in raiding the lost academy of Huryole.

 Modern engraving, instead, would project the energy of the runes inward, making them invisible to the naked eye. The process was tricky because the booklet at Lith’s disposal only explained the old method and he could only study Ruin to understand how modern engraving worked.

 "Explain that to me again, please." Lith massaged his temples after one failure too many.

 "Okay. Ancient Forgemasters would physically carve the surface of the objects, so that the engravings would serve as both a beacon for their mana and as a template for the runes. The downside of this method is that the runes are isolated from the mana circulatory system of the item, so they act as separate entities" Solus said.

 "Modern Forgemasters, instead, shape their mana as runes on their own before applying them on the surface of an item. This way, the energy released by the runes is not restricted by the physical carvings and can circulate throughout the artifact.

 "The process makes them invisible to normal means of detection and able to alter the properties of both the metal and its mana circulatory system.

 "Once the enchantment is applied, the final result is given from the synergy between the runes and the pseudo core, creating something that’s greater than the sums of its single parts.

 "The downside of this method is that it requires great focus. You must remember the runes that comprise each set and shape all of them to perfection at the same time. The slightest mistake in their form or positioning will lead to failure."

 "How the heck do Royal Forgemaster achieve such precision with fake magic?" Lith asked in frustration.

 The rings Solus had studied were among the simplest creations a Runesmith could craft, yet they required thirty runes each that were as small as they were complex.

 "My guess is they have some kind of crutch, like the special ink they use to draw the magic circles for the Forgemastering process." She said.

 "Solus, I love you!" Lith jumped up and tried to take her between his arms, but she popped away, letting the Forgemastering hammer fall to the ground with a silvery sound.

 "I meant that you’re a genius and that you may have offered me a solution."

 "Meaning?" An incorporeal voice asked.

 "I’ll show you." Lith took a bottle of special ink out of his pocket dimension and used water magic to draw with it three magic circles, one for each set of runes. Then, just like when he was still a fourth-year student at the academy, Lith infused them with his mana.

 The ink absorbed the mystical energy, acting as a template for their final form. The runes grew in power and splendor, keeping the right shape with minimal effort from Lith’s side.

 "I’ve never been so glad to have worked as Assistant Professor at the White Griffon. I know the recipe for the ink like the back of my hand. We can mass produce it in your alchemical lab." Lith said.

 "That’s brilliant thinking! Luckily we’re both geniuses." Solus finally reappeared, embracing Lith with joy.

 "Thanks for the compliment. By the way, nice double standards for hugs." Lith clicked his tongue, preparing for the final phase of the experiment.

 To replicate a pseudo core with true magic, first Lith had to study its version obtained with fake magic. He used the special ink to draw and apply the runes to a cheap ring before Bonding it with the three mana crystals required for the craft.

 "I wish I could use cheap crystals as well. What kind of madman would waste precious resources for teaching to kids?" He said in anguish.

 "Green crystals are cheap. Also, pot, meet kettle. You went to an academy that ’wasted’ a lot of resources on you, remember?" Solus said.

 "That was a different case."

 "Different how?" She asked.

 "I wasn’t the one paying for them." Lith started to chant the spell, preventing her from quoting his own rebuke about double standards.

 The crafting went without a hitch, producing the lowest grade barrier ring a mage could conceive and turn their nose at. Lith studied the ring’s pseudo core and how it interacted with the runes when and external flow of mana activated its enchantment.

 "Now comes the part I hate the most. Prototypes." Lith sighed.

 Prototypes had to be as close as possible to the real deal, hence to craft them Lith had to use high-quality materials. Otherwise, the gap in physical properties and mana flow between the prototype and the final product would add unpredicted variables to the crafting process.

 For that reason, the prototypes required smelted Orichalcum rings bonded with blue mana crystals. It took Solus and Lith more than two weeks to fine-tune the entire process and iron out the final details.

 He already had Zekell turn the piece of purified Orichalcum into three thick silvery rings, so he could afford up to three tries.

 The first step was Bonding three purple mana crystals with the Orichalcum, giving it a circulatory mana system akin to that of a living being. According to the booklet from Huryole, the order of Bonding and Runesmithing could be swapped, but Lith had learned the truth the hard way.

 Only when using outdated Runesmithing techniques the preparatory steps didn’t require to be performed in sequence and that was because external runes didn’t interact with the enchantment.