Chapter 1742 - Fusion Mastery (Part 2)
 
 Glemos snarled, forming the Tyrannical Eye and producing a concentrated beam of Spirit Magic that could pierce even through a creature the size of a Dragon.

 "I would like to show you the effects of Dimensional Fusion as well, but the sealing arrays force me to move straight to Spirit Fusion!" Ajatar dodged the incoming attack by turning into a mass of emerald energy that swirled around the Spirit Pillar.

 In that form, the Drake's body was comprised of pure mana that he used to become a living spell. Ajatar had no Domination, but he was now one with his Spirit Magic, making it impervious to Glemos' control.

 First, he took the form of the tier five spirit spell, Rainstorm, forming a storm of emerald lightning that bypassed the Tyrant's protection by drenching him in water and cut his body with darkness-infused stone spikes.

 Light constantly healed Glemos' wounds, sapping his strength, while fire turned part of the rain into steam that burned his throat and lungs, sealing his breathing technique.

 Then, Ajatar turned into Starfall and generated a hail of small green meteors imbued with the power of all elements.

 Air gave them speed, light made them as hard as diamonds while earth gave them physical mass that combined with gravity fusion gave to each fragment of the Drake's body the energy of a rocket.

 Fire made the meteors detonate, water made the fragments seep through Glemos' armor, carrying the darkness along that burned at his skin like an acid.

 The Tyrant Spirit Blinked nearby his rebellious son to use him as a meat shield, but the meteors Blinked as well, swarming him from all sides and erecting a protective wall around Morok.

 Then, Ajatar's energy form turned into an emerald waterfall composed of drop-sized blades that drowned the Tyrant. Instead of flowing onto the ground, after hitting its target the water circled back to the top of the cave and started the attack anew.

 The blades then turned into a fire tornado, with no pause in between the tier five Spirit Spells. Thanks to Spirit Fusion, Ajatar was a living mass of mana that had no need to weave spells.

 He just had to think about a specific shape and a particular effect that he wanted the elements to exert to make it happen. In that form, all of his spells were instant and flowed one into another with the speed of thought.

 Glemos used body casting to conjure as many Spirit Shields as he could, but between the initial damage that his body had suffered and the unknown technique that Ajatar employed, his body was quickly ripped to shreds.

 Glemos was used to subduing weaker opponents with the power of his core and killing those with a greater mass than him by combining redirection techniques with Domination.

 Together they allowed him to turn the physical and magical power of his enemies, even their bloodline abilities, against them.

 Yet Ajatar's core was as powerful as Glemos' and in that energy form, the Drake had no weak point that the Tyrant could exploit.

 Glemos died cursing the unfairness of fate that had bestowed upon the descendants of the Guardians almighty bloodline skills and nothing to the rest of Mogar.

 Little did he know that Spirit Fusion could be learned by anyone and that it was far from being flawless. In that form, Ajatar took damage when hit by an attack or defensive spell, when hitting the enemy, and even when he collided with the dust floating in the air.

 Sure, once his body became a living mass of destructive energy his spellcasting time neared zero and he became capable of nigh-instantly adapting to any strategy his enemy employed, but it also meant that with every speck of Spirit Magic he consumed he would also lose part of his mass.

 To make matters worse, in that form an Awakened couldn't stimulate their core to produce more energy nor use any form of magic besides Spirit Magic. Last, but not least, a great part of the energy produced by converting his mass was retained to keep his mind working and to have a bare minimum body to return to.

 It made the process highly inefficient but without such a precaution, Spirit Fusion would have just produced an enormous blast that would have killed enemies and friends along with the caster.

 When the Drake returned to his physical form, he was starving. He had lost so much of his body mass that it would take him a few days and several cows to recover.

 Yet all that Morok and the others saw was the triumphant return of the lesser Dragon.

 All of his wounds had disappeared and Ajatar's breath was normal. There was no sign of fatigue from the battle, making his victory look overwhelming.

 "That was so cool, master Ajatar." Morok said. "I knew that I did the right thing choosing a love guru as my mentor. When are you going to teach me all the fusion stuff from gravity to Spirit?"

 "How dare you belittle my work? I'm much more than a collection of dating advice!" The Drake said in outrage.

 "Maybe, but until now I stuck with you mostly because of your experience with women. After seeing you fight, you've gained a whole new level of respect from me." Morok gave him a polite bow.

 "Kids." Ajatar sighed. "Always putting brawn before brains."

 "What about your teachings?" Morok insisted.

 "Yeah, what about that sharing we mentioned before." Faluel said while checking on her disciples' condition.

 "That will be a fat no to both of you. I'll pass down those techniques to my heir and to those among my bloodline that I deem worthy." The Drake said, making them groan. "I like you kid, but you are not heir material.

 "As for you Faluel, you've shown me yours and I've shown you mine. We're even."

 "I could teach you Domination." She replied.

 "Nice try. Fusion Mastery has no perquisites whereas I bet that Domination depends on stuff like the number of eyes, heads, or streaks." Ajatar pointed at Friya, Morok, and Faluel. "I only have blue streaks so Domination is useless to me."

 Lith ignored the whole debate, rushing to the pile of lab notes that the late Glemos had written after examining the group.

 'I have little interest in Fusion Mastery while Glemos' hypothesis about Domination being the key to access powers like Doom Tide or Life Maelstrom is too good to ignore.' He thought.

 'I think it's pretty farfetched.' Solus replied. 'Those abilities require mana organs that very few have. I find it unbelievable that species like Tyrants and Hydras never unlocked a single Divine Beast's power after practicing Domination for millennia.'

 'What about Ekidna, then? She used all of those abilities and even one we never saw before based on earth magic.' Lith asked.

 'That's because she is a Balor who developed a mana core thanks to the Harmonizer and who also evolved thanks to Glemos' experiments. She is an artificial species with unknown potential.

 'It's the reason Glemos wanted her to mate with Morok. To pass those abilities unto their offspring and create the perfect fusion between Balors and Tyrants…' Solus put all the papers inside Soluspedia to prove her theory.