Chapter 1811: New and Old Memories (Part 1)


"Good gods, am I that out of shape, or have you gained a few tons?“


The Blue Phoenix said after his back popped from the effort.


"Kind of both. Creatures your size are supposed to lift me with ease."


Solus nodded in Lith's direction while gently but ?rmly taking Aerth's h ands off of her.


The Phoenix may have remembered her clearly but she didn't, making t he sudden intimacy creepy.


"Oh, I'm sorry for my manners. I'm Aerth." He offered Lith his hand.


"Are you her boyfriend, husband, or something in between?"


"I'm Lith Verhen and I'm her partner."


"This is de?nitely a slang term I'm not familiar with. Damn, I need to g et out more." Aerth nodded. "Did Elphyn ever tell you how we've m et? She was really curious about the Phoenixes' mating ritual and I w as the lucky one she picked at a party."


"One of my acquaintances mentioned the ritual to me. What's so g reat about it?" Lith asked, out of scienti?c curiosity, of course.


"Well, Phoenixes are born and bred warriors. When we pick a mate, w e engage in a brutal and sensual ?ght that ends only once one of the c ontestants gets pinned to the ground. Then the winner mounts the l oser and-"


"By my Mom, we got the picture!" Solus cut him short while Aerth w as making explicit gestures.


Her face had turned to a shade of purple up to her ears and her voice h ad come out shrill and dry. She had remained frozen in e mbarrassment until she couldn't take it any longer.


"Who won?" Lith asked, always for science.


"She did, of course. Back then I was weak whereas she trained like a f reak due to what had happened to her father." Aerth said with a p ensive tone. "By the way, Elphyn, you are behaving in a very odd way.


"There's nothing shameful about what we did and everyone in the


Awakened community knows how the mating ritual works."


"Let me be crystal clear with you." Solus snarled at Lith for prying into h er past life. "I suffer from almost total amnesia. Whatever my mother d id to save my life, 1 fell into a slumber that lasted until 15 years ago.


"I go by the name of Solus now and everything you say doesn't ring a ny bell. You are just embarrassing me big time."


"Fascinating." The Phoenix said with a pensive tone. "This explains the f all in your magical strength, your increase in mass, and the altered p ersonality. Menadion must have bonded you to some kind of p hylactery to save your life but the procedure had unexpected side e ffects."


"Did you get all of this from a hug and an embarrassing anecdote?"


She asked in amazement.


"Well, Grandma said that he is good." Lith shrugged.


"Grandma? Then you must be that Lith Verhen." A light of recognition s hone in Aerth's eyes. "The Tiamat."


"The one and only." Lith shapeshifted into his true form while giving h im a bow.


Then, he explained Aerth the reasons for their coming.


"After meeting you for the ?rst time after all these years, I had hoped t hat you would come to me for more than a mere errand, Solus. You m ay not remember me, but even after we broke up, we still remained g ood friend friends.


"I‘ll gladly help you. Please, follow me." He led them through a series o f perfectly smoothened stone corridors.


The ceiling was over 30 meters high and aside from doors and locks, t here was no furniture. The ground caught Lith's attention. It had b een covered with gold—veined marble, one of the few natural m aterials resistant to magic.


"Wow, that's it? No questions about how she survived, what's our r elationship, anything?" The Tiamat asked.


"In the Awakened community in general and in my line of work in p articular, secrets are of the utmost importance. Poking around m eans looking for trouble." Aerth replied. "Besides, mother considers y ou part of the family. That's enough for me."


"Is your father a Dragon?" Solus asked, impressed by how aloof and c ool-headed he was for a Phoenix.


"No, a human. It's the reason you picked me and I accepted your c ourt. For a pureblood Phoenix you would have been barely a toddler, b ut to a boy your age you were really hot. You had the brain of a g enius and the body 0f—"


"I get that!" She cut him short as his hands were tracing the exact s hape of her curves in the air.


"Sorry." He shrugged, his voice not matching his words.


"l have a question." Lith said, receiving a glare from Solus that he i gnored. "Grandma said that you are part of her research and d evelopment team for the memory crystals."


"Correct." Aerth nodded.


"What does she need R&D for? She examined my crystals and seemed t o have understood everything already."


"For the same reason she needs the nest, the Feathers, and she didn't b other with Dawn centuries ago. Mother wants us to be able to walk w ith our own legs. She only helps with things we can't solve on our o wn and only after we have given our all.“ The Phoenix replied.


"Here we are. The gallery.“A wave of his hand opened a human-sized d oor.


The room inside was magically lit, the ?oor and walls covered in tiles r espectively painted red and white. On the walls, there were several p aintings with a recurring theme.


All of them depicted a man sitting on a large couch beside a woman.


Lith recognized them as Threin and Menadion. In the ?rst painting, t he Ruler of the Flames held a newborn between her arms.


In the next painting, a small girl sat on her lap. Then a young girl that


Lith recognized as Solus sat on the opposite side of Threin. Each p ainting was named after the year it had been drawn, and depicted


Solus's growth until she was identical to how she looked now.


The rest of the paintings were landscapes or still life that arose no i nterest in them.


"Are these copies?" Solus asked while her eyes were ?xated on the


gure of her father.


"Yes. l kept them to make you feel at home whenever you spent the n ight here." Aerth nodded. "You kept the originals in your room in the t ower."


"lsn‘t Dad supposed to have died when 1 was a teen? l-low come he's in a ll the paintings?"


"Threin and your mother were both Awakened. They didn't age like y ou did. Your father would always draw you and Ripha ?rst and then a dd his self-portrait. After his death, you kept the tradition alive and a sked the painter to keep adding Threin even when he was no more."


Aerth took the last painting off the wall and handed it to Solus.


"This is one of the few originals I have and is yours to take.“


"What do you mean?" She stuttered, her eyes veiled with tears r eading the date of the painting.


It had been rnade just a few months after she and her mother had b een murdered, yet they all looked so alive, even Threin.


"I learned how to paint for you and l got so good at imitating your f ather's style that you had me draw your birthday picture every year. I w ould make one for you and one for me." He replied.


She could see that the love and the passion in the painting were in no w ay inferior to Threin's.