"And that changed when the All-Father appeared in front of his believers, exposed the fake clerics, and claimed that whoever gives up on their gift for magic is unworthy of living." Zekell replied.
"Why do you think the followers of the cult changed its name and now embrace magic instead of rejecting it?"
"I don't remember saying any of it." Lith shrugged. "It was just a farce to screw up the ringleaders of the cult."
"In fact, you didn't." Solus nodded. "More importantly, it was Friya who defeated you during your All-Father act. How did you involve her and how come she's now a Bright Maiden?"
"That was Faluel's idea." Zekell replied. "The cultists were doing a lot of good for Lutia, helping with their magic however they could and clearing your name. She thought that it was best to spin their narrative to our advantage so that upon your return, you wouldn't find a dying city.
"She stepped forward, claiming that her hair was the sign of her bond with you and that Friya was actually your envoy all along. That she had helped you in order to expose those who were smearing the name of the All-Father."
"And the people of Lutia believed that?" Lith was flabbergasted.
"Not at first. They've known you since you were a child and for most of them the idea that you are some kind of primordial god was simply ridiculous." Zekell shook his head.
 "Most of them?" Elina echoed.
"Just like Trion, many fallen Lutians rose as Demons during Meln's attack. Some had just been killed by the undead while others were long gone. All of them came back to protect their respective loved ones and had the time to say their goodbyes before fading away." Zekell pointed at the black candles.
"The Demons spoke with their families and neighbors, telling them things that no one else could possibly know. Those people were the first to convert to the cult, sharing the miracle they had witnessed.
"On top of that, Faluel and Friya healed those in critical condition and got rid of most of the bandits in the area. At that point, the people of Lutia wouldn't have cared even if the cult claimed that Lith is the god of destruction.
"As for the cultists, they would believe anything that puts Lith in a good light. With time, more and more of them arrived and Lutia started to get repopulated.
"Some are fanatics who have seen you in action during your missions for the Kingdom, but most of them are just people who have been driven away from their homes by the war, looking for a safe place to stay."
"How did you become the high cleric?" Rena asked.
"I'm the father-in-law of the sister of the All-Father and I had my shop already full of merchandise about Lith." Zekell said with a laugh.
"The cultists begged me to teach them about him and I saw an opportunity to clear Lith's name, revive the city, and finally be able to walk the streets without a detail. It was a win-win deal."
"If Faluel and Friya are helping, why are there so many desperate people praying in the temple?" Tista asked.
"Because they don't stay here the whole day. They come to Lutia from time to time and heal those in need, but it would take them weeks to treat everyone. People come all over the Lustria County hoping to get their turn." Zekell replied.
"To get a healer capable of using tier four and five magic, they would have to reach Derios and then pay for the procedure. Not only would most of the patients not survive the trip, but they also don't have the money.
 
"Lutia is much closer and when they arrive here, the clerics keep them stable until the 'Maidens' return. We only ask for a donation."
"If they can't afford the cures, where does the money for the temple and that in Faluel's lair come from?" Lith asked.
"Some of your followers have enough money to pay the stonemasons to build the foundations and the magical talent to do the rest on their own with earth magic. As for Faluel, I was happy to share with her the profits of my shop in exchange for her help." Zekell said.
"Are you telling me that people actually buy that stuff?" Lith pointed at the souvenir shop.
"It flies off the shelves." Zekell said with a laugh. "But the real money comes from my goldsmith shop. After you fought for Belius, I started to receive orders from all over Distar. After you became Supreme Magus, from all over the Kingdom.
"You are the role model of an entire generation of mages. I wouldn't be surprised if some of my pieces started to appear even in the Royal Court.
"On top of that, thanks to the Royal Pardon, the Queen's Corps returned and with them, the trouble with the bandits ended. The trading routes are open again and Lutia is flourishing again."
While the rest of his family took a quick tour of the temple, Lith took Leegaain aside for advice.
"You were once considered a god. What do you think I should do with all this nonsense?" He asked.
"Based on my experience, it won't work in the long term." The Guardian shook his head. "The more you give people, the more they want and even I can't fulfill the egotistical wishes they feel entitled to.
"In the short term, however, it's a perfect solution. In desperate times, people need something to believe in in order to have the strength to move forward. What you call 'nonsense' gives them hope while it buys your family the peace they need.
"Once everything settles down with the war and Lutia gets a new healer, the Triple God cult will burst like a bubble. In the meantime, those people could really use some help and you need to rebuild your reputation. Two birds with one stone."
"Fine." Lith said with a sigh.
After they left the temple, the Verhens were shocked to see the conditions of the rest of Lutia. Many buildings had yet to be rebuilt and whole city blocks were now comprised of empty houses where the refugees squatted.
Luckily, the center of the city was still the same. Now it was just the old quarter but just a decade ago it was the whole village of Lutia. Zekell's house, the bakery, and every place they knew and loved was still there.
"Raaz, thank the gods you are back!" Bromann, one of his oldest friends and head of the farmhands, shook Raaz's hand while patting his back. "The Royals are still paying us for our work in the fields but it's not the same without you."
"What are you doing here?" Seeing a familiar face filled Raaz with joy to the point that the physical contact didn't trigger his trauma from Orpal's torture.
"Zekell told us of your return so the boys and I wanted to give you a proper welcome." Bromann waved at the crowd behind him. "We were hoping that you would give us a couple of hours off and allow us to offer you a beer, boss."
Most of Raaz's friends were there, cheering at Bromann's words and waiting their turn to welcome Raaz back and congratulate him for his future grandchild.