"I would go myself if I could. I find no relief in being forced to entrust such a dangerous task to someone so young." Sylpha's voice remained calm, but the Sword of Saefel appeared in her hand.
"The King just sacrificed years of his life because he cares about our people and you are just one of them. Now revert back into your human form so that we can discuss it in a civil manner." The Queen waved at Kamila to step forward and help calm Lith down.
That was her first mistake.
Kamila was the woman Lith loved. She carried their child in her womb and Solus on her finger. The two people he would give his life for without a second thought even to prolong their lives for just one more instant.
Sylpha had conjured the sword just as a precaution. She knew all too well how dangerous an Abomination was and wanted to be sure that she could restrain Lith without harming him. Yet the Void interpreted her actions as a threat.
'What the heck do you think you are doing?' Lith tried to reason with his old self. 'The Royals can't force us to accept any mission. Just finish listening to their conditions and then we'll decide what to do.
'Worst case scenario, we'll just go back to the Desert.'
 'You always say that, but how many times have you actually refused a mission?' The Void snarled. 'I'm done listening to you.'
Then, seeing that Kamila didn't move, Sylpha generated a small tendril of Spirit Magic to draw her closer.
That was her second and last mistake.
It was just a gentle push but paranoia twisted the harmless gesture into what Lith would have done in the Queen's shoes. He had broken countless necks and tortured dozens of people with a tendril like that.
His wounded mind showed him all the terrible things that Sylpha could do to the three people he loved the most.
"I won't let you take away my light!" The Void said to Sylpha and Lith at the same time as he jumped forward.
War appeared between his hands in a burst of emerald flames. The angry blade screeched with fury as it got rid of its blood sheath and cut the tendril of Spirit Magic. War felt the Void's rage through their bond, responding to the perceived threat in kind.
Its murderous aura joined the Abomination's and the magic crystals along the blade emitted a violet aura as its many enchantments were powered up, ready to be used at a moment's notice.  
The Throne room was protected by dimensional sealing arrays, but Lith's omni pocket was one of the few things that could ignore the restriction and conjure any weapon he possessed.
The Royals, just like the Council, knew that Lith had one but they still asked him to not carry offensive artifacts with him to keep things from escalating. Those who carried weapons were more likely to use them, especially during an argument.
To make matters worse, Spirit Magic was invisible to the naked eye, so all that the Royal Guards saw was an Abomination breaking the law of the Kingdom and slashing toward the Queen.
They Blinked to Derek's either side, lunging at him with their glaives in an X pattern.
He watched their exit points forming with Life Vision, taking a step back to both avoid the attack and protect Kamila. The membranous wings on his back moved as if they had no bones, wrapping around the weapons like cloth and then pulling them up.
 
Even in that form, Lith still weighed dozens of tons and so now did the Void. The darkness energy that comprised his body was highly compressed to the point that it could interact with physical matter.
The Davross glaives sizzled as their enchantments and the mystical metal clashed against the waves of entropy that tried to consume them.
The Royal Guards twisted and pulled their respective blades to free them from the corrosive grip of the wings, but the Abomination needed just to straighten his shoulders to lift both the glaives and those who wielded them.
The Royal Fortress armor gave its wearer the mass of an Emperor Beast but the Abomination had the strength of a Divine Beast. Not knowing how the Adamant of War would fare against Tyris' creations, the Void preferred to punch at them at the same time.
'I have yet to find a single armor that isn't weak to blunt attacks, no matter how good it's enchanted.' He thought as the darkness and Chaos that comprised his body struck at the Royal Guards with the violence of a freight train.
It all happened so fast that the two soldiers were still trying to release their weapons when they crashed against the gold veined marble of the wall. Even such a powerful attack couldn't dent Mogar's strongest metal but an Abomination had no need for it.
His body was tangible only as long as he wished so.
Right where the hearts of the Royal Guards were, a black mark the size of a human fist marked the point of impact. The Void had tried to phase through the Royal Fortress armor to kill them and only the powerful enchanted barriers of the artifacts had stopped him.
Energy could fight energy, keeping the darkness limbs from reaching their targets.
The Abomination roared as he dashed forward to strike at the still-dazzled Guards and finish the job. Sylpha was faster, though, and managed to step in front of him. She pointed the Sword of Saefel at Lith to force him to stop but the Void met it with War.
The Davross clashed with the Adamant for a split second before the much stronger metal and powerful enchantments started to cut through the angry blade. War wailed in pain, but like its wielder, it refused to surrender.
"What the heck are you waiting for? Restrain him!" The Queen yelled at the members of the Council.
Truth be told, they were still taken aback by the sudden development of the events. To them, it had been Sylpha's taking the blade out first and the Guards attacking Lith later to have sparked the conflict.
They had seen the Spirit Magic tendril and knew that he had never meant to attack the Queen. To them, his response to the aggression of the Royal Guards was justified. The only reason they had yet to intervene was that they had yet to decide whether to help Lith or Sylpha.
"How, exactly?" Raagu replied. "I can't Warp Yehval and the King away because you never allowed us to visit more than one room. In such an enclosed space, a single Spirit Magic spell strong enough to stun Verhen might kill them."
Those words along with War's pain pushed the Void to the brink of madness. To his ears, the Queen had once again threatened his whole world and was now hurting his friend.
War was more than a commodity, the blade was a trusted companion and a loyal aide.
The Abomination strengthened the grip on the hilt, using his bond with War to share with it the darkness and Chaos he was made of.