"Why are you looking at me like that?" Inxialot turned toward his audience. "We were all thinking that. I know because you told me via the mind link. Also, it's pretty clear who wears the trousers in their house."
Those present facepalmed and Lith's inaudible response made him worry.
"It's no trap, I promise! You won't regret coming! It's another promise. If I remember making it, of course." Inxialot felt relieved seeing Lith giving him a thumbs up while Tyris carried him over the Gate.
It was actually the middle finger, but the Lich King wasn't the kind of man to worry about insignificant details like that.
On the other side of the dimensional corridor, Kamila couldn't stop looking left and right in a daze.
She had expected to find herself in an underground cave, not a cozy wooden cottage.
"Welcome back. I hope that everything has gone well." Baba Yaga was waiting for them in her Mother form.
She was eager to speak with Elphyn since there hadn't been the time earlier.
Also, she was excited at the idea of meeting Kamila and the baby. The Maiden inspired little respect whereas the Crone was straight creepy, making the Mother the to-go form when she wanted to make a good first impression.
"It went great, Mother. Thanks for your help." Vladion plunged onto one of the couches. Physically he was in tip-top condition but his mind had yet to recover from the rollercoaster of emotions.
The Red and the Great Mother just exchanged a polite nod of the head while conjuring a bed for Lith to rest.
"Not to be rude, but who are you and where are we?" Kamila said after no one bothered to introduce her to their host.
"Gods, where are my manners?" Kalla said. "Kamila, this is Baba Yaga, the Mother of the undead. She is very interested in your baby. Baba Yaga, this is Kamila Yehval, Lith's wife. As for the where, I have no clue."
"What?" With Tyris by her side, Kamila felt no fear but the shock still made her sit down as well.
"Yeah." The Wight nodded. "This is her legendary tower so we might actually be in the Kingdom, the Empire, or even deep in the ocean where sunlight never shines."
Kamila turned pale, forcing Solus to come out of her ring.
"Good gods, Kalla, shut up! You are making this as creepy as possible." Solus closed the Wight's snout shut before making a proper introduction. "Kami, Baba Yaga is actually my friend Malyshka I told you about.
"She knew my Mom and despite all the bad things you might have heard about her, Malyshka has been nothing but a good friend to Lith and me." She used a quick mind link to remind Kamila of Baba Yaga helping Lith with his breakthroughs and taking part in Solus' birthday party after the break-up.
"Yes, of course I remember about her." Embarrassment flushed her cheeks, giving them color back. "I'm sorry for my rudeness, but everything is happening so fast and no one explained anything to me."
"Don't worry, child, you are among friends. I'm the one who should apologize for ambushing you this way but as you said, things are moving quickly and I needed to speak with the three of you."
"Wait, how can my mother know yours? Is there someone else capable of crafting Horsemen I don't know about?" Vladion was utterly confused ever since Hystar had exposed Solus' nature but now he could finally express his concern.
"Wait, he doesn't know about you?" Seeing Solus take her human form, Kamila had assumed that the Firstborn was aware of her story.
"Let's bring them up to speed, dear, or this will take us the whole day." Baba Yaga used a mind link to explain Vladion everything while Solus shared with Kamila the events of the Golden Griffon.
"You fucker!" The Firstborn felt all the camaraderie and respect they had built until that moment crumble under the weight of the envy burning through his veins. "That's why you wanted me to swear upon my son!
"You are in possession of the legendary tower of Menadion and that woman is her daughter!"
"Guilty as charged." Between the tonics and the abundant world energy in the tower, Lith was recovering quickly. "Hence your oath binds you to silence and non-aggression."
"As it should be." Baba Yaga glared at Vladion in a way that shoved his complaints down his mouth and up his ass. "She is my friend. Make her unhappy and I'll be unhappy with you. Am I clear?"
"Crystal." He swallowed several times even though he had no physical need to.
"I'm so sorry for your loss, babe." Kamila ignored them and hugged Lith, her eyes watery after witnessing Jormun's final moments.
"Let's talk about this later." He held her tight, glad to feel that she wasn't upset by his touch. "What can we do for you, Lady Yaga?"
"Baba Yaga or Nana will do. We are not close enough for you to call me Malyshka." She replied.
"Baba Yaga it is." To Lith there would always be only one person he would refer to as Nana.
"More like what I can do for you. Solus, Silverwing asked me to invite you to her house. She wants to check on your recovery and I'm willing to come with you, if it makes you feel safe."
"It would be perfect." Solus sighed. "We've gone through a lot and I can use a bit of rest. Also, aunt Loka had promised to show me Dad's paintings she owns. I would have contacted her earlier if our relationship wasn't that rocky. I'll take on your offer, Malyshka."
Silverwing had already given up on splitting Lith and Solus, recognizing that he hadn't made her into a slave. Yet Solus didn't trust the First Magus enough to spend time with her without a trusty chaperone.
"As for you, Lith, is there anything you need?" Baba Yaga asked.
"Yes. Davross, white crystals, and Creation Magic lessons." He replied.
"What a cheeky brat!" She said with a snort. "The tower should provide you with plenty of materials and Salaark with knowledge. I meant if you need help with your child."
"I think I got that covered." Lith pointed at Tyris who was still standing there, placid like a lake and as dangerous as a city-sized meteor.
"True, but while the Guardians will only ensure her physical protection, I'm willing to help your daughter learn how to merge her bloodlines if the necessity arises." Baba Yaga said.
"Let me guess, in exchange you'll use whatever you learn from her life forces to perfect your children and the undead hybrids like Radusk." Lith replied.
"Guilty as charged." She shrugged. "Let me ask you something. Are you worried more about what I might do with that knowledge or about your daughter's well-being?"
Lith looked at Kamila for a second before they replied in unison.
 "Our daughter."
"Great. Then I hope you won't mind, dear." Baba Yaga neared her hand to Kamila's womb, waiting for her permission before touching her.
As she had done earlier with Lith, the Red Mother took her time scanning the baby's life force, using Sun and Moon to study each nook and cranny of its three components.