"You have my word. I'll bring Valeron the Second to my home and raise him as if he was my own."
"Are you the Guardian of Wisdom or of Deafness? Haven't you heard what I said just a second ago?" Thrud's voice oozed with so much spite that the rest of Mogar had run dry. "You are a horrible father. A monster no better than I am.
"Just like the Great Mother here." She nodded at Tyris, making the image of Arthan's suffering reappear. "Both of you knew what was happening and could have saved Jormun's life yet you did nothing.
"I have no reason to believe that you would act any different for my son."
"What then? Salaark?" Leegaain asked.
"I trust no Guardian." The Mad Queen shook her head. "After you rescue Valeron, I want you to entrust him to Lith Tiamat Verhen's care. It was my husband's dying wish and I intend to honor it."
"I'm proud of you, child. Forgiveness is a sign of great strength." Tyris said, yet her kind words were met by a burst of deranged laughter.
"Forgiveness? Not even I'm that mad. I'll never forgive nor forget what he did. If I die, my son will live with the Supreme Magus. Valeron will grow with other members of a new and unique race who will help him master his powers.
"If I lose, I'm going to save Verhen for last, killing him only after putting him through so much suffering that my own will pale in comparison!"
As her laughter rose in intensity and pitch, the Guardians stared at Thrud with Soul Vision, the ultimate mystical sense that allowed them to peek at the true nature of things and living beings alike.
What they saw was a rampaging Golden Griffon. It was mad with fury and its heart had been brutally ripped off its chest. No matter how much it bled, the Griffon refused to both die and stop.
Aside from the madness, it was identical to what Soul Vision had shown about Tyris after Valeron's death.
It made the Guardians pity her even more, but it also made clear that her words were no empty promise.
***
Blood Desert, Salaark's beach house, a bit later.
Solus and Kamila were still hugging and crying when Elina walked through the door. The scene clenched her heart, making her stomach churn in worry.
"By the Great Mother are you two alright? What happened?"
"It's nothing Elina, don't worry." Kamila said amid sniffles as Solus conjured enough tissues for both of them.
"I'm worried alright, dear, and I will be until you explain to me why you two have disappeared for so long. Is everything okay with the baby?" It was a stupid question since Salaark was less than 100 meters (330') away and all three Guardians of Garlen had sworn to protect the child.
Yet Elina was pregnant as well and to her, that was the most likely answer.
"She's fine. We are both fine." Kamila pointed at herself and her own womb. "It's just that between Lith lashing out at the Royals and this last mission, things got a bit rough and I got emotional."
"This doesn't explain m-"
"Great Mother almighty!" Salaark's pained shriek cut Elina short and drew the attention of any living creature in a kilometer and a half (one mile) radius. "The time has come. Call that moron of Leegaain. If he misses the birth of our child, I'm going to kill him!"
Sinmara helped the Guardian whose water had broken to stand up before Spirit Warping everyone back to Salaark's palace. Her attendants made lots of calls, summoning the Phoenixes from the nest and every single Dragon who had expressed interest in the event.
Before Lith had even realized what had happened, he found himself in a waiting room as big as a theatre that was almost full to the brim.
"Hi, Lith. How are you?" Surtr, the Dragon of Light, sounded awkward as he extended his hand to a Kinslayer.
"It could go much better, but also much worse." Lith assumed his Tiamat form, letting their scales come in contact and sharing his trouble with Surtr without saying a word.
"Oh, gods, brother. I'm so sorry for you. I hope that things will get better soon." Surtr hugged him, almost as worried for Lith as he was for their latest brother.
"Thank the gods Salaark has provided plenty of seats. This might take a while." Elina sat down, inviting Kamila and Solus to do the same.
"How long, exactly?" Knowing that it was only a matter of time before her turn came, Kamila decided to use it as a learning experience.
"It depends. Sometimes minutes, other hours. First deliveries can be even slower, though." Elina said, making Kamila swallow a lump of saliva. "Don't worry, dear, I'm sure you'll be fine.
"How is it going with the morning sickness and the mood swings?" Elina held her hand.
They heard each other a lot but due to Kamila's work, they didn't spend much time together, especially if Lith needed her.
"Actually, I've experienced no such thing." Kamila shrugged. "You and Zinya warned me about a lot of things, but aside from my appetite, nothing has changed. Maybe it's because of Lith's beast blood."
"No way." Selia looked cranky, hungry, and angry. "I'm going next after Salaark and I can assure you that I went through the whole package every single time."
The huntress had been invited to stay in the Desert along with Lith's parents to keep them company and her safe until the end of the War of the Griffons. Her belly was swollen, her ankles had doubled their usual size, and her feet hurt.
"That's because Divine Beasts gift the mother with more strength than the pregnancy takes. Also, Kamila is now Awakened and with the baby refining both their cores and bodies, the impurities won't bother her much." Rethia, the Wind Griffon and Surtr's wife said.
She looked like a woman of unworldly beauty and endless grace who made all the women around her clench their teeth in envy.
"Are you telling me that Kamila won't get this, this, or this?" Selia pointed at her own legs, hips, and stomach.
"Well, you've seen Salaark. It should go like that, more or less." Rethia replied.
"Don't take this the wrong way, dear, but I hate you so much right now." Elina said and Selia nodded.
 "And what's the right way to take it, exactly?" Kamila said with a sneer, feeling relieved by the news and annoyed by the scorn she received.
Meanwhile, Leegaain and Tyris had returned from the Golden Griffon the moment Salaark's pain had reached them via the mind link they shared.
The Father of All Dragons still looked like an albino man and he still felt as if two football teams had used him instead of a ball for a championship match.
The intense feelings shared by Lith and Surtr acted as a beacon to his distraught mind so he appeared right next to them, making the situation even more awkward.
The room turned silent as everyone struggled between the desire to give Leegaain both their congratulations and condolences and the curiosity to see how his meeting with a Kinslayer would unfold.