"Not because of the monsters that you fight out there, but for those you battle here and here." Kamila came close to him, putting her hand on his head and then over his heart.
"No matter if they are born from your past traumas or just self-made, you've never stopped fighting against yourself, trying to be better.
"Creating this room, being capable to open up, and putting me in front of struggles I hadn't even thought about despite the already precarious state of our relationship, that's real courage and strength.
"Seeing you in here, practicing with diapers made me realize that I love you even if your identity makes no sense.
"When a few seconds ago you put yourself on the line of fire again to spare me and the baby from pain, I understood that even though Mogar and Earth may be at the opposite corners of space, you are still the man I fell in love with and who I chose to marry."
Kamila stood up on her tiptoes, emphasizing her point with a slow, sweet kiss. Her arms wrapped around Lith's body and his wings popped out of his back, returning the embrace.
Lith could feel that this time there was no trace of hesitation or fear in her body language. She was no different from before discovering the truth about his origins.
While he was still as rigid as a piece of wood from surprise, Kamila telepathically accessed the tower's system to Warp them in the bedroom. Then, she stepped away from him and slowly started to undress.
"I think it's time that we make up for the lost time and give this room the housewarming it deserves." Her shirt fell to the floor and then she loosened her bra. "I want you to know that-"
She sat on the bed, gently pulling Lith towards her. Her mouth formed the sweetest smile he had ever seen as she kept talking.
 "…"
"Hold that thought." Lith pulled the bedsheet, covering her up as he took a step back and a deep breath.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to come in too strong. If you need more time to think, we can wait. It was stupid of me." Her smile disappeared and she lowered her gaze in embarrassment.
"It's not what you think. I have a small confession to make." Although embarrassing, Lith couldn't stand seeing her sad because of him.
"Another one?" Kamila looked him in the eyes, turning pale from fear until she noticed that there were seven of them and only two were looking at her face.
"As I said, it's not what you think. Even in the past, I had a really hard time listening to whatever you said the moment you took your clothes off. Now, however, I couldn't hear a word you said."
Lith pointed at her chest area that pregnancy had made shapelier and more generous.
"I'm afraid you have developed noise-canceling breasts."
"And you stopped me for this?" She burst into a peal of silvery laughter, feeling all of her tension disappear.
"Well, we were clearly having a moment, and it seemed really rude of me to not have any memory of it. This is as important for me as it is for you and-"
Kamila pulled him down by the shirt, kissing him again while also keeping her bosom covered.
"I was saying that I talked with Grandma. She told me that sex won't trouble the baby as long as you are gentle and that I can't get more pregnant, so we are safe." She started to undress him. "I don't feel ready for twins, let alone triplets."
"Anything else I should know before I turn deaf again?" With her hands on him, it was only a matter of time before the bedsheet fell off.
"Yes. Let's start with something slow and romantic. Then, I want to give your Abomination side a go." Her face turned into a black slate with two white fissures for eyes.
As they kissed, Lith could feel her hunger but it belonged to a kind that he had all the means and the willingness to satisfy.
***
Blood Desert, Lith's tower, in the bedroom, a few hours later.
"That was definitely something we have to do again. The extra arms really spice things up." Kamila rolled over to her side of the bed, panting.
The moment she shapeshifted from Abomination into her human form, her body turned out to be glistening from the sweat.  Judging by her smile and from how her eyes sparkled, she had enjoyed the intense recreational activity as much as Lith.
"I swear to the gods, you are one of the least romantic women I know." Lith shapeshifted back as well. He was not tired but he was beet red in embarrassment.
"First, you are a Divine Beast in bed. Second, is this really the first thing you want to tell me after we made up? Is this the story you want to tell our daughter?"
"Since I'm a Divine Beast, then pet me and bring me food. I've skipped breakfast and lunch. I'm starving." She snuggled against him while emitting a low purring sound, almost making him not regret having shared internet memes with her.
Almost.
"As for our daughter, I was thinking about making the scene fade to black the moment I opened the Warp Steps. She has no need to know about her Mom's noise-canceling breasts or how perverted her Dad is."
"Since when I'm the perverted one?" Lith asked in mock outrage. "Do I need to remind you what you did to me until a moment ago?"
"It's easier and quicker if you just say what I didn't do to you." She chuckled. "Seriously, though, I'm starving. We are starving."
Kamila gently caressed her womb, faking worry.  
It was super effective, making Lith go and come back from Salaark's kitchen in the blink of an eye. Upon his return, he brought two carts filled with delicacies from the Desert, the Kingdom, and the Empire.
"Don't think that I've forgotten about the name issue." Kamila said after devouring a full plate of mushroom risotto before moving on to a T-bone steak. "You are right, we can't keep calling her pronouns and neutral words, it feels weird."
"Any ideas?" Lith had started with a vegetable soup for fibers before throwing himself at a full roasted chicken with potatoes.
"Yes." She nodded. "I was thinking about naming her after Elina. She's the most amazing woman I know and her name will bring good luck to our baby. Also, I bet Elina will have a stroke out of joy and that's the only kind of stroke she deserves."
Lith stared at her in amazement, his hands trembling.
"I was thinking the same thing. Not only because whenever I meet Mogar she takes her form, but also to thank her for everything she did for me. I've had two mothers but only one Mom.
"One made me into a monster, the other into a man."
"Aww, you're so cute when you drop the mask and act like the mama's boy you are." Kamila chuckled.
"Let's take our time to think about a good name." Lith said, eager to change the topic.