"I'd like to keep the 'El-' root and then something different, otherwise it will cause a lot of confusion whenever they are in the same room." Lith cleared his throat, trying to sound casual.
"That said, I thought that you didn't want to have sex in the tower because it's part of Solus and you find it unsettling."
Kamila was no one's fool and giggled at his attempts for a while before answering.
"We make love, not sex." She punched Lith's arm, pouting. "Also, you are right, I find it unsettling but I also decided it was time to take the stick out of my ass. The tower is an important place for you two hence it's important for me too.
"Solus and I have gone to great lengths to make it into our dream house and it's only right that we start living it as such. And when I say we, I mean the three of us."
"I swear to the gods, explaining how I ended up on Mogar is much easier than understanding what good did I do to end up with you. You are the best, Kami." Lith said.
"Never forget that." Her kiss tasted like steak.
Then, she washed her mouth with a glass of Salaark's special juice since she couldn't drink wine, and moved on to the dessert. Three of them, actually.
"Since we have the time, what do you want to do first? Visiting Silverwing or that asshole Lich of Inxialot?" She asked while wolfing down a Triple Threat.
It was a chocolate cake filled with two layers of chocolate cream and covered in chocolate powder and sprinkles. Lith had created it for Solus and she had named it like that because of what the cake represented to her diet.
"Do you really think we should visit them? I mean, Silverwing I can understand. We have achieved more or less a truce and she's an important part of Solus' past. But Inxialot?" Lith was flabbergasted.
"I think it's for the best." Kamila nodded and moved on to a plate of cinnamon rolls. "As long as I'm in this state, no one will dare mess with you two."
"Do you want to come along?"
"Of course I do. How many opportunities do you think I'll have to safely meet the First Magus and the secret lab of the son of the Maker of all Liches?" She replied. "Not to brag, but they are both stronger than you and you need my protection, sweetheart."
 Lith glared at her, looking as dangerous as an angry puppy to her.
Yet once again, it wasn't for the reason Kamila thought. Lith had no blind pride nor did he feel threatened admitting that he could use the help of her Guardians bodyguards.
'Fuck me sideways, I have Hydra flashbacks again.' He thought as Kamila stuffed a whole cream puff in her mouth.
"From who do you want to start?" He actually said, trying to smile despite the unsettling show.
Kamila frowned at those words. She munched furiously, swallowing and gulping down a glass of milk before saying:
"Did you already forget what we said a few minutes ago?" To Lith's defense, time seemed to dilate when he watched her eat like that. "This is an important decision that we must take together. And when I say we, I mean also Solus.
"Clean up the mess you made while I take a shower. We can't let her see the room while it looks like a pigsty."
Lith tried to argue that she had eaten as much as him but in a much less refined manner, spreading crumbs and bits of food everywhere. He was also going to point out how important the role she had earlier played in the bed was.
Alas, when Kamila stood up completely naked in front of him, many thoughts crossed his mind, but none of them was about the state of the room.
"If you keep your mouth opened like that, you'll swallow a fly." She closed his jaw shut, giggling. She felt flattered by his obvious admiration and feelings.
Only when she closed the bathroom door did the blood flow back to his brain.
Damn! Noise-canceling breasts and mute bottoms are too powerful. Please, nerf.' Lith thought with a sigh.
Luckily for him, the entire tower was filled with powerful enchantments that answered his every command so it took him but a thought to repair the bedsheet, the mattress, and erase every trace of the events of the last few hours.
'Now, let's delete the browser history.' With a wave of his hand, Lith erased from the tower's log the details of the cleanup.
After double-checking the room to make sure to not have forgotten anything, Lith joined Kamila in the shower.
"Done already?" She asked in surprise.
"Whatever you said now and earlier, I didn't hear it." Closing his eyes long enough to speak was a mammoth task, but he managed to.
"Gods, you are such an idiot. Again with that nonsense?" She chuckled, at least until she realized from his dumb expression that he was serious. "Look at that. Now I've got bloodline abilities as well."
***
Griffon Kingdom, Essar Region, Golden Griffon academy, that same day.
The Dragon Dance had forced all armies on Mogar to cease hostilities and bought the Kingdom a few days of peace.
If a stray spell hit a Dragon, it would trigger their fury that would spread like wildfire through the rest of the flight of Wyrms. Angering a Dragon was always a bad move. Angering lots of them and the Phoenixes accompanying them was the opening move to extinction.
The few countries that didn't know their place were erased from the maps and their neighbors had to wait until the Primordial Flames stopped burning before starting to split the now free territories among them.
Diplomacy worked like a charm when everyone was too scared of waking the Dragons again to argue.
To the Mad Queen, however, the Dragon Dance only exacerbated her pain.
When Valeron the Second had started to glow, his blood resonating with Leegaain's, it had reminded Thrud of her loss and made the hole in her heart deeper. She knew that the joy he felt now would only make the void left by his father's absence worse.
Her Generals and even the Lesser Dragons among her elite soldiers had been affected by the communion. They had also been banned from appearing in front of her until further notice.
Every time she saw the flying Dragons and their colored flames through the windows, every time she heard their cavernous voices singing songs in Dragontongue, it was like someone was driving a stake in her heart.
"I'm so sorry, Your Majesty. This is all our fault." Iata the Sekhmet said, her voice cracked as she tried to hold back her tears. "If only we were stronger, you wouldn't have been forced to leave the Golden Griffon and King consort Jormun would still be alive."
"Enough talking about that, Iata. I can already feel my sanity slipping away and it takes everything I have to stay focused." Thrud pointed at Valeron first and then at the map of the Griffon Kingdom that had been updated after Lith's mission.