"A ruthless killer who would do anything to further his agenda and who searched Mogar for peers. People who understood the importance of his job and lacked any morality. I'm not going to lie to you, I brought together a whole bunch of mass murderers but I did it for the greater good."
"And what would that be?" Zinya sniffled.
On the one hand, she couldn't believe that Vastor had no problem entrusting her children to a legendary monster like Tezka. On the other hand, however, after spending so much time with the Fylgja, Zoreth, and Bytra, she couldn't picture them as anything but loving friends.
"I know that you have no reason to believe me, Zin, but the truth is that at my very core I'm still a healer. I've traveled throughout the Kingdom and seen with my own eyes the symptoms caused by greed, corruption, incompetence, and petty politics.
"People consider them part of human nature, but they are plagues that kill thousands if not millions every year yet everyone looks the other way, considering it normal. Everyone but me and I've found a cure." Vastor said.
"You did?" It was hard to believe, but after everything she had already learned, it was far from incredible.
"It's still experimental, but we are making progress every day." He showed her his right hand letting his Abomination side take over up to the forearm. "This is what I do whenever I disappear without giving you an explanation.
"This is why you can't bear my child. It's my fault, not yours. Do you want me to continue?"
"No." She shook her head.
"No?" Vastor echoed in disbelief. "Don't you want to see the lab? See the real form of my associates? Anything?"
 "No." She stood up, closing in to him and holding him to her chest. "All I wanted was for you to be honest with me and you did. The Kingdom may have forced you to do monstrous things but I refuse to consider you a monster.
"If you say that you are trying to heal this world, I believe you." She kissed his head before forcing him to look up at her.
"You do?" Vastor's voice cracked.
Those were the things he told himself to justify his actions but he himself found them hard to believe.
"I don't care about the details, Zogar." She looked him in the eyes, her feelings unchanged. "I don't care how the rest of Mogar sees you, you are my hero. Never forget that."
On that day, while he embraced his wife, Zogar Vastor and the Master became one. He swore to himself to make her proud, no matter the cost. He also swore that whoever dared harm a single hair on her head, would face a wrath that would make the Guardians pale in comparison.
***
Griffon Kingdom, Kellar Region, City of Jambel.
"I don't care what any of those pompous noble idiots say, it's a pleasure to have you back here, Lord Verhen." Baron Eiros Wyalon looked tired from the ongoing war, but it hadn't affected either his muscular body or his friendly attitude.
"Please, Lord Verhen is my son. I am mister Verhen at best." Raaz said in embarrassment at those words and the honor guard saluting him.
"You are kidding, right? Your son is Supreme Magus Verhen." The Baron replied. "Gods, no matter how many times I say it, your title still sounds pretentious and overbearing. Do you mind if I call you Magus Verhen for short?"
"Supreme Magus Verhen allows that." Lith said with a disgusted face and an arrogant voice before bursting into laughter along with the two other men.
"Gods, you almost had me with that talking about yourself in the third person." Wyalon said.
'Gods, how is it possible to love and hate the same person at the same time?' Baroness Mirias thought while she held her breath at Lith's reaction and rolled her eyes at her husband. 'How can this idiot talk to a Magus Divine Beast like he's just another of his army buddies?'
"Jokes aside, I'm honored that Lord Verhen chose my humble city as his first visit to the north after your forced exile in the Desert." The Baron said. "I'm really sorry for what Hogum did to you and I apologize on behalf of all nobles who have a shred of conscience."
He gave Raaz a deep bow that no commoner had ever received from a noble and was likely to never happen again.
"If there's anything I can do to make your stay more pleasant, you just have to ask."
"Thanks for your offer, Baron, but we are just passing by." Lith pointed at the DoLorean behind them which was the object of admiration and curiosity of everyone, Mirias included.
"My father wanted me to show him the north after Belius' recapture and we've turned it into a father-son road trip. I just came to thank you in person for rallying the north in my favor while I was in exile."
'That and check on my silver mines before hitting the road again.' He inwardly added.
"I understand." Wyalon sighed in disappointment. "I guess there's no chance to have you for lunch and then maybe get a ride. I heard a lot about the DoLorean and I would love to give it a try."
"I'm sorry, but we aren't going to stay." Raaz had turned slightly pale from the crowd and needed sheer willpower to not quiver. "After what happened in Lutia, I have trouble readapting to my old life.
"We came to Jambel because I have fond memories of your city and my son has business here. I'm glad to see that nothing has changed after the revelation about Lith's nature."
"And I'm glad you remembered us." The Baron replied. "Don't worry about the rest of the Kingdom, you'll always be welcome here. Your son is a hero to the north and my people don't forget their debts just for a few scales."
"Thanks for your kind words." Raaz gave him a small bow. "I'm sorry we have to take a rain check on your lunch offer, but I promise you that on our next visit we'll be honored to be your guests and let you drive the DoLorean."
The people of Jambel gasped in surprise. They expected their Lord to maybe get a ride, but being entrusted with such a legendary magical artifact proved how deep the Baron's friendship with the Verhens was.
"Don't make me wait too long, though. War is a cruel mistress." Wyalon smiled dryly, hoping to live long enough to uphold his end of the bargain.
The War of the Griffons was also the reason they were taking that road trip. Between Lith fighting on the frontlines, the secret missions, and the baby, Raaz wanted to spend a bit of time with his son while also putting his nerves to the test.
Two birds with one stone.
"I'd say everything is checked and accounted for." A wave of Lith's hand made the crates holding hundreds of kilograms of raw silver disappear into his pocket dimension.
From the Desert, Solus put them in the Crucible and started the refining process.