"If you really want to thank me, I could use some help with my own little girl." Elina chuckled. "She's going to be born about the same time as Lith's but unlike him, I have no fancy powers."
"Fine." Solus grumbled without letting Elina go. "But I get to be the cool aunt, right?"
"Of course, but only because I don't want you under my roof after sundown. There are not enough biscuits in the house for the two of us."
***
Griffon Kingdom, Eskar Region, Mirena Plateau, two days later.
Baba Yaga had contacted Salaark via an embassy that in turn had relayed the message to Solus. The Red Mother and the First Magus had finally agreed on a date for the visit and Baba Yaga needed to arrange a pick-up spot.
The hut reached the Heavenly Plume palace running at breakneck speed and stopped abruptly yet without lifting a single grain of sand. The chicken legs coming out from the floor bent as if a creature was sitting down, bringing the entrance to the ground level.
"Are they coming as well?" Baba Yaga pointed at Kamila, Leegaain, and Lith, clicking her tongue as her finger reached the latter.
"Yes. I need Lith to tap into my true power and I don't trust Aunt Loka much." Solus nodded.
"And I'm not letting my husband alone to meet the crazy woman who tried to kill him once and then treated him like crap." Kamila said.
"And I go wherever the baby goes. Isn't it right, buddy?" Leegaain said to Shargein who was hanging to his chest from a baby carrier.
The wyrmling cooed and chirped in excitement, staring at Baba Yaga with his big round eyes and extending the little arms of his hybrid form to her.
"Oh, gods, he's adorable!" The Mother's scowl disappeared as she started to make baby noise and asked Leegaain if she could hold him.
The Father of All Dragons frowned, his eyes turning cold as his lips curled up to expose a row of deadly fangs and white flames.
"Fine." He reluctantly undid the harness and his voice sounded as if she was kidnapping the baby.
"Are you still angry with me?" Lith asked.
"Of course I am." The Mother replied with a huge smile on her face and a sweet voice to not scare Shargein. "You are still the meanie who threw into the gutter millennia of my hard work. Now sit tight. It won't take long."
Baba Yaga had her tower draw the energy from the local geyser to Warp to another she knew, using them to cross through the Desert and the Kingdom in a matter of seconds.
'Interesting. Unlike our tower, Malyshka's can't just move to her destination. She uses the geysers simply to open long distance Warps and refuel the tower with world energy in between Steps.' Solus thought.
Once they arrived close to Silverwing's hideout, the tower stood up and crossed the final distance on chicken legs. Yet Baba Yaga's guests wouldn't have noticed the difference if not for the change in the view from the windows.
They were no longer at the ground level but there was no sign of movement. To them, it was like they were still and Mogar moved around them.
"Here we are. You can get off." The Mother returned Shargein to Leegaain and opened the hut's door.
"Fuck me sideways!" Lith and Solus said in unison at the sight of their host's home.
They had expected an underground network of tunnels placed right above a powerful mana geyser or a cozy country cottage that had been stretched with dimensional magic to be bigger on the inside.
Either way, it was supposed to be something small and inconspicuous, worthy of a Magus' secret lab.
Aside from the geyser, it turned out that they had gotten everything else wrong.
Silverwing's place was a small castle comprised of pure white stones that shone under sunlight like gems. It was surrounded by high circular walls and six towers, one for each element.
They were each surmounted by a different huge elemental crystal and had been painted of its matching color. The castle keep bore the seventh tower that was emerald in color just like the elemental crystal on its top.
Lith didn't need the Eyes of Menadion to know that the entire fortress was a magic circle that could probably be employed to fuel Silverwing's spells like the Hexagram, the Annihilation, and the Bastion.
"Yep." Baba Yaga said, seeming to have read his mind. "From here Lochra can take on even a Guardian. The mana geyser grants her endless strength and she can rearrange the magic circle however she wants with but a thought."
"How the heck did this monstrosity go unnoticed for so long?" Solus asked in disbelief.
 "Cloaking spells, light bending spells, fear spells." A silvery voice replied. "Baba Yaga isn't the only one who studied under the Guardians and even though my version of Dragon Fear isn't as good as the original, it still does the trick."
Lochra Silverwing had appeared right in front of them and like all white-cored Awakened, she hadn't aged a day since Solus' birthday. She looked like in her mid-twenties, but she was actually over one thousand years old.
Kamila gasped in surprise at the First Magus' sight who looked younger than her and even than Solus. She had always imagined Silverwing to be a towering giant of might and magic yet with her 1.68 meters (5'6"), Lochra was shorter than Kamila.
The First Magus' body was lithe instead of burly, with shoulder-length light blond hair streaked all over with the seven colors of the elements.
Kamila would have mistaken Lochra for someone who had just graduated from one of the great academies if not for the centuries-old wisdom that shone through her chestnut eyes.
She wore a working overall and a white shirt. Her face, hands, and arms were covered with grease and soothe.
"Thank you for the invite, Aunt Loka." Solus gave her a curtsy that made the First Magus' smile turn upside down.
"Are you still angry with me?"
"Angry is a strong word. More like I don't know how to feel about you." Solus shook her head.
"The first two times we have met you've been violent and rude. Sure, you behaved nicely at my birthday but I have no clue if it was due to an honest change of heart or because my guests could end you in a snap."
"I guess you are right." Silverwing sighed, her shoulders slouching. "I can't blame you for bringing backup, but why Leegaain? Among the Guardians he's the-"
The moment she stepped closer, the baby in Kamila's womb reacted to her mother's stress. In turn, it resonated with Shargein who started to cry.
The word "meekest" died on Silverwing's lips as Leegaain opened his Dragon Eyes and roared in fury. The resulting shockwave sent her tumbling on the ground instead of ripping her to shreds only thanks to the palace's defensive system.
Silverwing could feel the Guardian's gaze piercing through her and learning more things about her than she knew.
"The most violent and savage." Solus completed the phrase for her. "I saw him turn Aylen into dust with a snort and she's way older than you. For your own good, no funny business, Aunt Loka."