Silverwing let her goddaughter go before giving Lith a deep bow.
"Thanks for everything you have done for Epphy. I've never been so happy to be completely wrong about someone. For that, I renew my apologies for how I treated you during our first meetings.
"Bonding with you saved Elp- I mean, Solus' life and it even gave her Ripha's seven streaks." Silverwing gently caressed Solus' head, passing her open hand through Solus' hair like a comb. "It's almost as if Ripha is still alive and she's staring at me.
"It makes our bond even stronger." She leaned her head against Solus', letting their multi-colored hair mix.
"Don't mention it." Lith replied. "Bonding with Solus saved my life as well. She owes me nothing. We are equal partners in our crazy relationship."
"I'm glad to hear it." Silverwing nodded, before standing in front of Kamila. "Please, take good care of them, of your child, and yourself. I beg you, don't repeat Threin's mistake."
"Respectively I will and I won't." Kamila swallowed a lump of saliva. "I'm no painter. I keep myself fit and train with magic for my work."
"I have faith in your judgment and in that of the Guardians, but I would still like to make sure." The First Magus said nearing her hand to Kamila's shoulder without making contact.
"Sure. I could use a one-hundredth opinion." She replied with a sigh.
She had been scanned by so many Guardians, Dragons, Phoenixes, and Awakened that she had actually lost count.
"Son of a Dragon!" Silverwing snarled at Lith after seeing the baby's life hybrid force.
"Yeah, yeah. I'm a lucky bastard, my daughter might be able to use Chaos if not all Cursed Elements, the perfect harmony of life and death, and so on. Am I forgetting something?" He said in annoyance.
He had heard the same things from so many Guardians, Dragons, Phoenixes, and Awakened that he had lost count.
***
 Mogar's moon, Lith's tower, a few days later.
After enough time had passed, Lith had fully recovered his magical prowess and his life force was back to the peak of its strength. There was no risk that a sudden strain might compromise his lifespan anymore.
It was the reason he had attempted his first trip to his secret moon base and brought along family and friends.
"Good gods!" Quylla said, taking the words out of everyone's mind.
The silver plains in front of her extended as far as the eye could see. That, the nearby lake, and the many wildflowers growing around the tower made it look like out of a fairy tale.
"Can we please tell Morok about your tower? It's a shame that I can't share any of this with him." She said.
"Tell me about it." Kamila said with a sigh. "I would love to bring Zin here just like I know she would love this place. Yet I don't want to force her to choose between keeping my secret and keeping a secret from Vastor."
Yet she spoke while begging Lith with her eyes in a silent plea.
"I'm really sorry, Quylla, but you know how big Solus' secret is. Telling Morok and Zinya means compromising Solus' safety. I'm certain that they love you, but a simple slip of the tongue, especially during a quarrel, could spell disaster for us." Lith replied.
"I know." Quylla said with a sigh while Kamila just sighed.
"I swear to the gods, son, every time I think I've seen them all, you outdo yourself, son." Raaz slid his fingers through the grass and mud, almost sharing with them the beneficial effects of the Life Maelstrom coursing through the moon.
There was a silence and an emptiness that made his social anxiety shut up. Even his trauma seemed to have been knocked out and locked away somewhere in his mind.
"Glad that you like it, Dad. See you later." Lith nodded as his parents got in the DoLorean with a picnic basket and drove away.
"Can we explore around, Uncle Lith?" Leria asked while riding on top of Abominus while Aran rode Onyx.
"Sure thing. You can go wherever you want, but don't get close to another home unless is this one." He projected for them a hologram of Leegaain's lab. "Bad people live there. Manohar-like people."
The kids nodded and ran away along with Lilia and Leria, Protector's kids.
"I've got to tell you, kid. You have amazing taste in date spots." The huntress stared at the green and blue planet floating in the sky in awe. "Unlike some wolfhead I know."
"Are you really blaming me for not having a means of transportation to the moon?" Protector said with a snort, his red hair seemed living fire under the sun and starlight.
"No, but what about the cooking, the music, and all the thought that Lith puts in every one of his dates?" Selia snorted back. "He's married too but his idea of a romantic evening doesn't stop at a home-cooked meal I prepare and some flowers."
"I'm sorry." Protector whimpered, aware of how unimaginative he was.
"Don't be sorry. Be better. And always remember that I love you." She gave him a soft kiss to lighten his mood.
"You heard the woman, jackass." Friya said while pocking Nalrond's chest. "Put some effort when it's your turn to plan our dates."
"Do I have to consider all of Selia's speech? Because if so, that's the worst way you could find to tell me for the first time that you love me." The Rezar had a smug grin on his face when Friya realized the implication of her words and blushed.
"Dream on, pretty boy." She punched his shoulder in embarrassment. "I just meant to say that since my parents are forcing us to hang together, you should start pulling your weight."
"Please, it's not by my choice that we are engaged. Your father proposed to me on your behalf so the least you can do is be as romantic as you can to keep me around. Unless you want to end up like your sister, of course." Nalrond replied.
"Please, don't." Phloria turned pale at the thought. "It's too late for me, but you can still save yourself."
Jirni and Orion had sent her on more dates in the past few days than she had in months. They didn't care if her suitors were human, Emperor Beasts, Divine Beasts, or plant folk.
As long as they accepted to marry in the Ernas household and had great magical powers, everything was okay as soon as Phloria gave the green light.
"I know that this is supposed to be an outing for couples but I'm still thankful for your invite, Lith. I needed a break from that madness. My life has become so hectic since I became an Archmage that I'm almost regretting the stop of the War of the Griffons.
"Almost, though. I'm not that crazy."
"Don't sweat it, Phloria." Lith replied. "I've also invited Faluel so if you don't want to stay alone you can either hang with her or with Solus, Tista, and Nyka."
"Don't get me wrong, but how did you get the idea for such an event?" Tyris asked since it was her turn to keep an eye on the baby.