Orsat's punch shattered the Spirit Barrier that the Master had imbued in the Suneater armor, bent the Davross like an empty soda can, and sent pieces of the Eldritch flying everywhere.
Yet no yelp came from the children who just squatted on the ground with their eyes closed and ears covered. The tails imbued with the Cursed Spells kept spinning in an elemental tornado, keeping the Divine Beasts away from Filia and Frey.
"That's it?" Tezka's body reformed at a speed visible to the naked eye and his maw grew in size until it overshadowed the Griffon's beak.
A bite and a twist of his disproportionate neck ripped Orsat's head off, making her body collapse on the ground before the Golden Griffon recalled it to the rebirth chamber.
Shock froze Leari, but she managed to dodge the second bite aimed at her and save her life.
'He's still a frigging Emperor Beast. Rimo, where does the extra mass come from?' She asked.
'I don't know!' Those three words were always the scariest thing that a Dragon could say.
"Open up your eyes, kids. I'm about to show you the reason people call me the Suneater." Filia and Frey stood up, ignoring the three titans around them, and followed Tezka's finger that was pointing at the sky.
At first, they thought it was an eclipse. Then, they realized that it was nothing like the natural phenomenon that they had studied in school.
A solar eclipse was supposed to take place when the moon moved in front of the sun, covering a part or all of it based on the observer's position.
What was happening, instead, was that a black blot had appeared in the middle of the sun and was quickly spreading toward the borders.
"Great Mother protect us." Leari and the rest of the Divine Beast had reacted no differently from the kids, staring dumbly at the sky as their bodies refused to move.
"I'm sorry to break it to you, but I doubt Tyris will listen to your prayers." Tezka said with a chuckle. "She hates those who try and harm children."
As he spoke, his body started to grow to colossal proportions.
Right after shattering the Sealed Space, he had used the cover from his aura burst to activate his Eldritch Tier spell, Suneater.
Abominations were nothing like living beings. They were souls refusing to die who possessed a mass of Chaos as their bodies. The energy retained their consciousness and abilities as long as it was properly fed.
Suneater simply used a burst of Chaos magic to bring a piece of Tezka out of Mogar's atmosphere. From there, it would grow and spread like an umbrella, absorbing both the light energy from the sun and the cosmic radiation.
Then, Suneater fed that power straight into Tezka's body.
Eldritches were made of energy and their black core was a bottomless pit. Their capacity to hold and control mana was endless, there was no such a thing as mana abuse for them.
Suneater was the reason behind Tezka's call sign. The reason people believed solar eclipses to be the omen of misfortune. The reason he had fought to a standstill against Salaark when she was still a young Guardian.
Back when he had fought Orpal pretending to be Fallmug, Tezka had been unable to conjure the spell. His Abomination and Warg side had yet to fully merge, limiting his strength.
Had he employed Suneater, the Chaos would have overstepped the boundary between matter and energy, devouring his flesh. Best case scenario, Tezka would have gone back to being an Eldritch and ruined Vastor's work.
Worst case scenario, he might have died for good.
Now, however, the Warg and the black core worked in synergy, converting flesh into Chaos and vice versa in a loop that allowed the Fylgja to overcome the limits of his physical form again.
Each one of them produced a steady flow of mana and Tezka harnessed them both without the need to consume part of the energy to keep them in balance.
Tezka's body quickly reached 20 meters (66') of height, then 30 (100'), and finally 50 meters (164'). He could have grown more, but he preferred to keep the mana and turn it into elemental power.
The Fylgja had become identical to the image depicted in Zinya's book. His figure was that of the monster that all magical creatures used to scare their unruly children. Tezka was the legendary beast who devoured the sun and whose shadow killed everything it touched.
"Reinforcements! We need reinf-" Leari yelled in her communication amulet as Tezka raised his right hand, unleashing a tier four Chaos spell, Howling Void, the size of a mountain.
The entropic energies swallowed both the Thunderborne and the tons of Adamant protecting her, leaving behind only sparkles of light and silver.
From the top of Tezka's head, Filia and Frey cheered at him.
Like in the fairy tales Vastor read to them, the bad guys were losing, the good guys were winning, and not a drop of blood was being spilled.
"Do you really think reinforcements can help you at this point?" A mass of Chaos-infused dimensional magic wrapped around Endless Night, using it as a scaffold to form a blade the size of Tezka's new body.
A single slash cut through the air and then the forces keeping together the atoms of Rimo's armor, flesh, and bones. The Dragon had blocked with his Adamant shield, Scatterblast, but the dark blade had phased through the enchanted metal.
Then, his body had simply collapsed on the floor in a lump of flesh covered in Adamant.
"What about you?" Tezka extended his open hand toward Ophius, sending the Quetzalcoatl into a panic.
He unleashed the power of the world energy he had sealed inside his body in a powerful burst of Doom Tide that would have flattened a forest. Yet Doom Tide was still just world energy infused with his life force.
All kinds of energy were just food for an Eldritch.
The blue sphere of Doom Tide expanded from Ophius' body until it reached Tezka's palm. Then, the black mass of Chaos acted as a drain, sucking the Blood Tide dry faster than the Quetzalcoatl could conjure it.
"You are too kind, but I can't hog such a feast all by myself. Here, have some." The blue sphere turned black, wrapping around Ophius before collapsing on itself.
The 50 meters (164') long Quetzalcoatl disappeared into thin air as if he had never been there in the first place, leaving only a spherical hole in the ground as proof of his existence.
 "Look at that, they really are sending reinforcements. Tezka pointed at the dimensional corridors that he could feel via Endless Night were being opened. "Do you want to see another magical trick?"
Filia and Frey nodded enthusiastically as Tezka chanted for them. The kids loved hearing him weaving spells because they sounded like music.
"I call this Chaos Dimension!" The space around them filled with cracks, as if reality was a mirror and someone had just thrown a rock at it.
The cracks spread outwards, reaching the dimensional gates while they were still opening. Iata and the other two members of her team were the first to respond, but more were coming.