On the one hand, Kamila was worried sick about her mentor's daughter who was also one of her husband's closest friends. On the other hand, seeing Lith capture three cities and its cost in human lives made her stomach churn.
She would have left the room together with Elina if Tyris hadn't guaranteed her that miscarriage was impossible for a Divine Beast, even though the baby girl was a hybrid.
"Don't worry, Mom." Quylla said, holding Jirni's shoulders. "Phloria is too precious for Thrud. She wouldn't dare harm her. Also, no matter what happens, as long as Lith captures her alive, there's no wound that we can't heal."
"That's true, but it's the 'alive' part that worries me." Baba Yaga was there as well in her Mother form.
Even though Jirni, Orion, and Zinya weren't aware of Solus' true identity, after meeting the Guardians they had stopped asking themselves why legendary people hung around the Verhens.
The presence of Baba Yaga had surprised them for less than a minute before dismissing it as the usual unusual.
She had come as soon as she had learned that Elphyn would have taken an active role in the war. Baba Yaga was worried about Solus, but not because of physical danger. She was one with Lith and the tower was programmed to sacrifice everything in order to keep her safe.
Lith was a tough nut to crack as well and his life force guaranteed that no permanent damage could befall Solus. What truly worried the Mother of all Undead was the damage to her psyche.
Elphyn had always been a gentle soul and that hadn't changed even after being reborn as Solus. Things like necessary sacrifices and collateral damage were bound to scar her, especially if it was by her hand that people died.
"What do you mean?" Jirni turned around, her face the usual stone mask.
The others, however, glared at the Mother, silently ordering her to shut up.
"I was there when Lith took the first step of his ascension, child. Mogar didn't call him the Maker or the Lifebringer. If there's one thing that today's events have confirmed, is that Lith is the Destroyer.
"I'm afraid that Thrud is unwittingly pushing him along a dangerous path." Baba Yaga conjured the images of specific frames in quick succession. First, Lith's Blade Tier spell cracking the arrays of Zeska.
Then, the Thousand Flames bringing the whole Phogia to its knees and burning its citizens despite the barrier. Last, she showed them the images of the doors of Bima flying around, followed by the destruction that had ensued Lith's fight with Xoola and Ufyl.
Kamila swallowed more than once and even Lith's friends had to admit that there was nothing great or majestic in those pictures. No matter how brilliant the strategy or how awesome a spell was, the final result was always the same.
People died by the hundreds and buildings turned into ruins.
And that was when Lith remained outside the first two cities, leaving the clean-up to the army. When he had entered Bima, the streets had been painted red with blood and entrails had ended up decorating the roofs.
The only word conjured by the spectacle was "slaughterhouse".
"That's not true." Kamila said, her voice hoarse and her forehead covered in a cold sweat. "Lith has been sent to the battlefield before and this has never happened."
Yet Zinya still remembered the numbers in Vastor's reports and would have begged to differ. She remained silent solely in respect for her sister.
"True, but that was because back then the Royals had sent him to take things. Now they have asked him to kill people." Baba Yaga said with a sigh.
"So what?" Zinya snarled with a fervor that surprised Kamila. "War makes no one a hero. That's something that happens only in the bards' tales. The best you can hope for in a war is to have a good man instead of a soldier.
"Someone who does what he believes to be the right thing instead of just following orders. Someone like Lith and Zogar."
The Mother looked Zinya in the eyes, wondering if she was trying to convince others of her words or just herself. Baba Yaga remained silent, knowing that sometimes ignorance was bliss and wisdom brought only pain.
Kamila clenched her hands and so did Raaz who had just finished expressing his worries about Lith to Tyris. The Guardian read the room, finding only anxiety, worry, and fear.
"Both of you are right, Malyshka." Tyris said. "Lith may indeed be on a dangerous path yet that's not enough to make anyone a monster. The difference between a healer and a Destroyer lies in their heart.
"One takes life only because it is rotten, purging the infection before it spreads. The other takes life simply because he can and he likes it. It's up to us to nurture those hearts and make sure they never forget the difference."
Kamila and Zinya nodded, hoping that their husbands were on the healer side of a line so thin that they couldn't see it.
 "You are probably right and I'm just an old fool, Tyris." Baba Yaga gave the Guardian a deep bow.
Everyone pondered Tyris' words finding them true yet no way to put them into practice. Zinya had no idea how to help Vastor while Lith's friends and family found themselves in the same situation.
"I'm going to call Elina and let the children out." Raaz said after his wife called him for updates. "Take that pictures away and please let's not talk about what we have witnessed anymore. I think we had enough for today."
The rest of the room nodded and Raaz opened the children bedroom's door, letting the rest of the family out. Seeing their gloomy faces and the silence that welcomed her was enough for Elina to understand there was no good news.
Even though she had no direct experience, Elina knew how bloody a war was and was scared of its consequences.
"Where's Lith, Orion?" She asked without wasting time in pleasantries. "How come the General of the Army arrived first despite the paperwork and the meetings whereas my son is missing? Are you sure that nothing bad happened to him?"
"I'm pretty sure that he's okay." Orion replied, doing his best to sound confident. "There's nothing to worry about, Elina. Soldiers usually don't get back straight home after a tough mission.
"They need time to unwind and make sense of their actions. The best way to do that is to goof around, drink, and talk with your comrades."
"Why?" She asked in confusion. "Isn't it better to seek solace in the peace of your home and in the warmth of the people who love you?"
"I wish it was that simple." Orion sighed, knowing the feeling all too well. "There can be no peace in a home when you walk on eggshells around everyone to not burden them with your demons.
"No matter how much a civilian loves you, they have no idea what it is to take so many lives. To walk through the enemy fire and explosions. You have no idea how the chaos of the battlefield keeps haunting a soldier even after the mission is over."