They were nowhere close to getting over it but they had regained enough of their cool to act normal.
"Solus!" Baba Yaga rushed to her while Elina shoved people away to reach Lith first. "Are you alright? Is everything okay?"
"I'm fine, thanks." They both replied after Elina was done checking Lith's hands, chest, and face for injuries.
"I'm sorry for being late, but we lost track of time." Lith scratched his head in embarrassment as an awkward silence befell the room just like Orion had predicted.
The members of Lith's family could only think of questions that would either sound stupid or risk reopening their wounds. They had no idea how to help Lith and Solus cope with their actions.
Only empty words came to their mind, making them walk on eggshells in fear of making things worse.
Yet it lasted only for a second because Jirni stood up from the couch and walked in front of them.
"Thank you very much, Lith. I'll never forget what you've done for my daughter's sake today. House Ernas will forever be indebted to you. If there is anything I can do to relieve your burden, you just have to ask." She took his hands in her own and kissed his palms.
"Don't mention it, Jirni." Lith held her fingers in a soft grip. "Phloria is my best friend. I would have done the same even if she was a commoner."
"I know, and that makes my debt even greater." Jirni nodded. "You've fought no less fiercely than I would, lending me the strength I lack and shouldering the consequences in my stead.
"I don't care what the rest of the Kingdom says about you. To me, you are part of House Ernas and I'll support you as one of our own. The only promise I ask from you is to do your best to bring back my baby girl."
"You have my word." Lith clenched her hands one last time before letting them go.
"Jirni's word is my own and so is her offer." Orion offered Lith his hand. "House Ernas is at your disposal. Whether you need magic, money, or just someone to talk to, you can count on me."
"Don't worry, uncle Orion. My brother is a hero and heroes always win." Aran puffed his chest out with pride. "He'll rescue the damsel in distress and everyone will live happily ever after."
"You are right, little man. Thanks." Orion smiled, caressing the head of the boy.
"Why is everyone so glum? Uncle Lith won, right?" Leria was puzzled as well.
She also considered the war like a fairy tale so the death of the bad guys didn't matter to her nor did she doubt the happy ending.
"Right. Big victory today. Three to be precise." Lith lifted her in his arms while Leria yelled in enthusiasm and cheered for him.
The children's pets started to bump people for food and soon the mood in the room became lighter.
Lith's parents and sisters, however, felt helpless. Orion and Jirni were now closer to Lith than them while Friya and Quylla could share with him doctored tales from the front.
The Verhens felt cut out, guests in their own house.
After pondering Tyris' words and seeing how tense Lith and Solus were, Kamila needed to talk with them, but it had to wait. Baba Yaga had brought Solus to another room to speak with her in private.
 "You can drop the mask, Epphy. There is only you and I here. You don't need to act strong." She said after Hushing the room.
"Thank you for your concern, Malyshka, but I'm fine. As fine as someone in my situation can be." Solus sighed, plunging onto the bed as her expression turned sad.
"Then, if you have nothing to say, you should listen." The Mother took Solus' hands, sharing with her the worries about Lith's path and Phloria's fate.
She replayed everything from her own speech to Tyris', using the images from the onslaught to prove their respective points. Under any other circumstance, Solus would have been outraged, but Lith's words still echoed in her mind.
His willingness to burn Mogar and Baba Yaga's theory about the Destroyer aligned, making Solus swallow a lump of saliva.
"Let's say that you are right. What am I supposed to do?" She asked.
"If I knew, I would have given you precise instructions." The Mother sighed. "All I can do is ask you these questions and hope you find the answers. You are the only person who can find a solution because you are half of the problem."
"What do you mean?" Solus blinked in confusion.
"I'm afraid that what Hystar said when you faced him at the Golden Griffon might be true. Maybe you are the fourth Horseman. Your mother used my technology to alter her tower and turn you into a version of my children that I don't understand for the life of me." Baba Yaga replied.
"How is that a bad thing?" The more she heard, the less Solus understood.
"Because I split my children into three on purpose. I separated them from their steeds to limit their powers. People always forget that I never meant to create a master race and that's why undead have been universally accepted as the fourth race.
"They contribute to the balance and pose no threat to it.
"Your mother, instead, couldn't care less about the consequences of her actions. She only wanted to keep you alive, no matter the cost. You are complete. You are at one with your tower.
"You are at one with the Destroyer." Baba Yaga took a lock of Solus' hair, making the seven streaks manifest to prove her point. "The problem is that, as it happens for my children, there's nothing to fix in your host.
"So instead of you changing Lith, he is changing you. The hair, the tribulations. Do you really think it's just a coincidence?"
"No." Solus shook her head. "I've reached the same conclusion for a while now. What's the problem with a fourth Horseman, though?"
"That if I'm right, he's the Horseman of the Void and wherever he walks, the Abyss rides behind him." The Mother conjured the image of the thousands of Demons who Lith had conjured that day.
How they had combined their strength to take down Phogia's arrays and then butchered everyone in their path, feeding upon the corpses to grow their strength.
***
Meanwhile, in the living room, Elina was setting the table while Tyris cooked. Space wasn't a problem since the Guardian had stretched the room with dimensional magic.
Between the children running around, the beasts yapping in hunger, and the popping fireplace the mood had greatly improved. Everyone did their best to pretend that it was just a day like any other and they almost believed it themselves.
"We need to talk." Kamila said the moment she managed to have a moment with Lith alone.
"Please, tell me it's not about something I did or said." He exhaled sharply.
"No, silly man. Quite the opposite." She wrapped his arms around her before hugging him.
"I swear, I'm not in the mood for riddles or lectures. Can't it wait until tomorrow?" Lith whined, yet her warmth made him feel better.