Dozens of Liches appeared at the dimensional coordinates Lith had provided, outside the Static Field array's area of effect.
They were split into seven-man units and they all held one or more complex magical tools.
"How did you get here so fast?" Lith was flabbergasted.
"The speed of a Lich is directly proportional to her own interests, kid." Rhan the Naga Lich said. "You better get at a safe distance from here. We seem to be boned beyond salvation already. Pun intended."
She rattled her skeletal body to highlight the concept, annoyed that he wasn't laughing at her brilliant joke.
 Each group of undead unleashed one Silverwing's Annihilation with body casting while they used their diagnostic instruments to collect as much data possible on the Golden Griffon in the hope to replicate it.
The seven pillars of energy of a single Annihilation held the same power of a Blade Spell and couldn't be countered by elemental sealing arrays. The Golden Griffon was an easy target and had no way to dodge.
The volley of attacks opened deep holes in its armor, hitting the academy with enough strength to make it falter.
"You are too late, maggots." Hystar said. "I don't have the time to play with you anymore so I'm going to be quick and merciless."
Several Silverwing's Bastions appeared all over the Golden Griffon, blocking the Annihilations. The Forgotten inside the academy were channeling their power that the academy further boosted, bringing them on par with the violet cores.
Then, several small doors opened in the Golden Griffon's armor, letting out Thrud's generals. Each Divine Beast was infused with Life Maelstrom and covered by the golden layer of Mana Body.
"Hey, guys." A human male Lich said. "Is it me or are those kids way stronger than they are supposed to be?"
"It's not you." A Hydra Lich replied. "My sensors detect a flow of energy coming from the academy going into the Divine Beasts. According to our update, the Golden Griffon should work in a similar fashion to a mage tower.
"My guess is that by sucking the power of the Royal Array the lost academy has now enough juice to boost its champions as well."
Thrud's Generals couldn't use Origin Flames or Doom Tide due to the lack of world energy so they exploited their raw physical might.
The Liches just turned the Annihilation into a Bastion, forcing the Beasts to a halt before pummelling them into oblivion.
"Either we avoided our war duties too much and these guys have no experience against Liches or they are green." Rhan said. "I mean, the only thing worse than touching a Lich is touching an Abomination."
Direct contact allowed the undead to drain life and energy from their victims, making them their own.
"Kids. What can you do?" The Bastion shifted into an Annihilation again, killing the Divine Beast the moment the Liches had drained him of both the Life Maelstrom and the Mana Body. "I guess that the term anti-Guardian spells is too big a word for them."
With the Divine Beasts falling and the array between the Golden Griffon's hands fading due to the Liches' interference, Lith allowed himself to hope. Nandi was fueling both Solus and his equipment so they were both recovering their strength.
Soon he would be able to join the fray as well.
Alas, soon never came.
"Don't get drunk on our newfound power or forget your training, idiots!" The voice of Iata the Sekhmet snapped the Divine Beasts out of their bloodlust. "Form groups of seven and fight like a unit!"
The battle instantly became balanced, with Bastion clashing against Annihilation and with no more stray shots reaching the Golden Griffon. The lost academy resumed attacking the Royal Array unimpeded, making up for the lost time.
"This doesn't bode well." Rhan said, pointing at the female figure riding the Sekhmet.
Phloria was there, combining Omnislash with Iata's Annihilation to kill seven Liches in one shot. She had been charged with Life Maelstrom as well and had put it all behind her best shot.
The more Liches were destroyed, the more seven-man units of Divine Beasts could focus on a single target. A single bastion couldn't stop two Annihilations and soon the Liches started to drop like flies.
Yet they fought bravely until the very end, squeezing every second to collect data for their personal research.
"Finally!" Hystar burst into maniacal laughter. "My unworthy siblings are no more. Nothing will stop the advance of the True King. Glory to Arthan!"
The array connecting the six great academies had completely formed. The closed circuit that was supposed to fuel them was being drained by the Golden Griffon and its energy twisted against itself.
Hystar clenched his fists while twisting his wrists, shattering the array like glass. The damage looked small and insignificant compared to the size of the array until it didn't.
Even after the Golden Griffon let go of the Royal Array, the energy circle hadn't disappeared. With part of its runes gone and another part damaged, the array fell apart from both extremities.
The more runes crumbled the more quickly the magical formation collapsed.
"It's over." Tyris said while warm tears streaked down her eyes. "The Royal Array was one of the last things I have left from Valeron. I still remember the day when we weaved it together.
"He was so happy and proud of himself. Valeron, Ripha, Silverwing, and I had given our all to make sure that no matter what happened to the Kingdom, our children would always have a safe place where to stay.
"It was supposed to preserve our legacies forever and now it's gone."
"I'm really sorry for you, loving finch." Salaark wrapped Tyris' slender shoulders with her arm, offering her to hold the little Shargein.
"Thank you, noisy sparrow." Tyris took the little whelp, holding him against her bosom. "You have no idea how painful it is to have your own blood turn against you. To see talented people like Arthan or Thrud abuse their gifts."
"Trust me, I know." Salaark nodded. "The old lizard knows better, though."
Balkor was there as well, the only human to witness the loss of Valeron's legacy and to understand the magnitude of the events in front of him. Yet he remained silent, his heart split between the two rulers and their countries.
The god of death now lived in the Desert, but he still loved the Black Griffon. It was his old academy and, in a way, his birthplace.
At the same time, before Lith could finish weaving Ruin, the six great academies had lost their energy source, turning into regular castles.
"You came all this way to save me, but who's going to save you now, sweetheart?" Phloria's crazy laughter sent shivers down his spine.
Lith could see with the Eyes of Menadion that not only had Iata infused Phloria with another bolt of Life Maelstrom but also that the Golden Griffon was flooding her with world energy.
"If we are going to get back together, we have to get rid of the third wheel first!" Phloria aimed her estoc at Solus and unleashed Omnislash.
Lith countered it with Ruin and for a moment, they were equally matched.