"I kept my distance hoping it would allow you to process your grief faster or at least not be a constant reminder of your loss." Fyrwal shook her head.
"Same here." Tessa nodded. "I know that my pain for Valeron's death is nothing compared to yours yet I was devastated nonetheless. How are you doing now?"
"Much better, thanks." Tyris gave them a warm smile like when the old gang was still alive. "Now, sit down and tell me what's going on here."
"I think there is some kind of huge misunderstanding about Solus' survival." Lith pointed at her. "They knew her as Elphyn and know nothing about what she's gone through."
'Based on what we know, Elphyn was a great Forgemaster but also a shitty person so their suspicions are understandable. Yet if I say it out loud, it would hurt Solus. Like Bytra, she's a new person and has to face the burden of her past self.' He thought.
"Who's Solus?" Tessa and Fyrwal asked in unison.
"My partner." Lith showed them his stone ring before pointing at the seven streaks in Solus' hair. "Notice something different?"
The two Elder women gaped as the realization suddenly struck them. Elphyn was supposed to be decrepit whereas the woman in front of them hadn't aged a day since the last time they had seen her.
On top of that, if Elphyn had helped the killer, the tower would have been hers. Same if she wasn't involved in Menadion's death. Lith owning the tower made no sense at all.
He couldn't be involved for sure since he was too young. Their knees buckled as their minds turned into a fuzzy mess. They would have fallen butt-first on the floor if not for Faluel putting chairs behind them.
"Did you know me? I mean, the old me?" Solus said the moment shock and guilt faded enough for her to talk.
"I don't know what you mean with 'the old you' but yes, I did." Tessa replied. "You were a self-centered, arrogant jackass who never cared for Ripha's suffering or the pain you caused her.
"You prattled on and on about how cruel she was and how Threin's death had scarred you with anyone who was willing to listen to you. You never stopped considering how your father's death and the rumors you spread around affected your mother.
"You were a piece of shit who trampled on Ripha's feelings whereas she would have given her life just to keep you from shedding a single tear. Does this answer your question?"
Solus gasped, needing a chair as well to not fall onto the ground. Until that moment, the people of her past had told her mostly good things about Elphyn. She knew that her old self was far from perfect, but Tessa's words were as harsh as her voice.
"Is that true?" Solus asked Fyrwal. "Was I that bad?"
 The Elder Hydra had acted friendly upon recognizing Solus so she assumed that being also a friend of Tessa, Fyrwal wouldn't sugarcoat the truth. Too much.
"Did you lose your memory or something?" The Hydra asked in confusion. "Never mind, you can explain yourself later. As for your question, let's say you were never a daughter-of-the-year candidate.
"After Threin's death, your relationship with Ripha crumbled and it never really recovered. Mind me, not for lack of trying on Ripha's part. Your rebellious phase hurt her exactly as you intended and once you grew out of it, things didn't get much better.
"You loved her and respected her as a mentor, but you never forgave her as a mother. Your life goal was to prove to everyone that you were better than Ripha, especially to Ripha.
"You had a few lovers, even fewer friends, and treated with contempt anyone who didn't fit your standards. I'd define you as a troubled young woman, to be polite. Living in the shadow of someone as great as Ripha would have been hard for anyone, but it was Threin's ghost who really poisoned your life."
"I think they deserve to know the truth." Lith patted her shoulder, using the contact to establish an invisible mind link.
'Keep Bytra out of your story. Tessa seems even worse than what Quylla and Friya told us. We don't have the time to calm her down and we can't afford our allies fighting to the death among themselves.' He said and she telepathically nodded in reply.
Solus took Tessa's and Fyrwal's hands, using a mind link to show them everything she remembered of her final days while also keeping Bytra's figure shrouded. Then, she shared with them her life until she had been found by Lith and ended it there.
They may know Solus, but she had no memory of them nor reason to trust them. Especially after how strained her relationship with Tessa seemed to be.
She just showed them part of the past encounters with both Baba Yaga and Silverwing. It made clear that they both were aware of Solus' relationship with Lith and were fine with it, relieving any possible worry Tessa and Fyrwal might have about her free will.
"Filthy bastard!" The Titania jumped to her feet in outrage. "They killed you to get to Ripha, just like I always feared."
"Language." Leegaain's eyes flared with power. "Who are you calling a b-word?"
"The killer, obviously." Tessa calmed down as fast as she had gotten angry. "I told Ripha countless times that marrying Threin was a mistake. He and Elphyn were her weak spot. It was only a matter of time before they also became her cause of death."
"I apologize on behalf of my friend." Fyrwal had her eyes veiled with tears and her heart full of compassion for Solus' hardships. "Fae have only three feelings. Deep love, burning hate, and absolute indifference.
"Tessa means well but she never liked you Elphyn. She always saw you and your father like some kind of package deal with your mother."
"I can vouch for that." Tyris sighed. "Tessa likes very few people. There's no shame in being left out from her VIP list."
"One last thing. Saefel, is Elphyn really free? Because I don't know this guy and whatever she has shown me with the mind link might be just a memory he implanted into her." The Titania said.
"I don't like Elphyn, but I honor Ripha's memory. I won't leave her legacy and daughter in the hands of a maniac."
"You have my word." The Guardian nodded.
"Then it's fine by me." Tessa nodded.  
"Me too. Elphyn, do you have any questions for us?" Fyrwal asked.
'I wish Tyris was there when we first met Silverwing. It would have made things so much easier.' Lith inwardly griped.
"My name is Solus."
"I'm sorry, Solus. It will take a while to get used to it." The Hydra fiddled with her hair in embarrassment.
"Actually, a lot, but none that can't wait." Solus replied. "We are in a pinch and have no idea how to rescue our friend, Phloria Ernas. Are you here to help or just to talk about the past?"
"To help." Tessa nodded, liking the new Elphyn more than the old one already.
The Elphyn she knew would have wasted their time whining about her wounded feelings and demanding an apology. Solus was putting her friend first, instead.