The Quetzalcoatl and his companions, instead, could turn the magical formations on and off at will and use all kinds of magic.
"Here we are!" Three more Divine Beasts joined the fray and started conjuring Silverwing's Annihilation.
Iata conjured more and more constructs around Lith, Dregham the Fenrir compressed the space to keep him from Blinking, and the others focused solely on the spell.
'I'll never finish casting Ruin in time. There's seven of them and one of me.' Yet Lith never stopped the blade.
He simply shapeshifted into his Voidfeather Dragon form and took a breath as deep as he could. The silver lightning now filled to the brim not only his seven eyes, but also his red scales and the Cursed Flames that burned within.
The violet light from the Origin Flames shone through his body, going down his neck and to his heart. There the conjured world energy was surrounded by the Cursed Elements that stripped it of their respective counterparts.
Air became Choke, darkness turned into Chaos, light into Decay, earth became Corruption, fire became Cinder, and water turned into Zero. The six cursed elements were gathered into Lith's heart, dominated by his eyes, and boosted by Life Maelstrom.
The violet light shining through his scales became white and then silvery. At the same time, thanks to the power absorbed from the world energy, the Cursed Flames burning inside his red scales grew in size and power.
Each one of them turned of the color of their respective Cursed Element.
Lith could almost feel his throat explode under the sheer pressure of the Dread Flames that refused to fully coalesce from the Cursed Elements and submit. At least until he took the final component of the world energy, Mogar's will, and merged it with his own.
'Now!' Iata lowered the constructs as the seven pillars of elemental energy from Silverwing's Annihilation crashed against Lith.
With no place to run and dimensional magic off the table, the Voidfeather Dragon planted his feet against the ground and had the flames of his scales burst forward.
They turned into a six-colored barrier that spun around him, each neutralizing their opposing element. Which of course, meant that there was nothing to stop the final and emerald pillar of Spirit Magic.
The Voidfeather Dragon opened his mouth, unleashing a silvery burst of Dread Flames that ate at the Spirit Pillar, crushing their way until they reached its source.
Iata the Sekhmet was struck in full and her body evaporated along with her equipment.
Yet Lith still had plenty of Dread Flames.
He waved his long neck left and right, showering the rest of the Divine Beasts with his silvery fire and killing a Leviathan who lacked Mana Aura to protect her.
The Voidfeather Dragon walked toward the survivors slowly, even giving them the time to use Invigoration. Lith didn't care if they chose to fight or flee. Since he couldn't kill them, the only thing that mattered was making them suffer.
"There's five of us and that power must have a side effect!" Dregham the Fenrir jumped at Lith while baring his fangs, his body enveloped with the golden light of Mana Body.
 "Indeed it does." Lith unleashed a burst of Life Maelstrom while activating the powers of his yellow and black eye to add darkness to it.
He remembered well the Black Lightning bloodline ability of the Jotunn. He had suffered it in Verendi and finally had the means to reproduce it.
The Black Lightning struck at the Divine Beasts, stripping them of Life Maelstrom, Mana Body, fusion magic, and even erasing the spells they had kept at the ready.
"What the f-" War cut the Fenrir asunder and his voice short.
Lith was worn and torn, but he was the only one with Life Maelstrom and spells at the ready.
Five Divine Beasts were now down to four and whatever power Lith had left was amplified tenfold.
The Voidfeather Dragon kept stepping forward slowly, his seven eyes brimming with power and ready to shut down a dimensional opening at a moment's notice.
Ophius, Rayne, and Slathan the Garuda were still standing whereas Ufyl was kneeling on the ground. With Iata gone and Phloria dead, he had no reason to fight.
"Get up, you damn lizard! We have a mission and you are letting us down as usual." Slathan said while charging forward, hoping that his four limbs wielding style would give him an edge over the exhausted enemy.
Lith let the blows rain upon him without a care. Life Maelstrom empowered his Voidwalker armor and Mana Aura further raised his defense, making him into a living block of Adamant.
At the first blow heavy enough to put Slathan off balance, War bolted at his neck in a thrust. The Garuda crossed the blades on his prehensile feet to execute a pincer block but the grieving blade was imbued with fury and Chaos.
It cut through the Adamant swords and then through the flesh and bones, severing Slathan's head from his shoulders.
"Fuck, I really didn't want to do this. Take cover!" Ophius activated his Doom Tide bloodline ability and sucked every bit of world energy around him for a kilometer.
Then, he added his life force to it and had it detonate. The Doom Tide radiated from his skin, leaving the Quetzalcoatl unscathed and attacking everyone else around him.
Rayne took flight whereas Ufyl didn't bother moving from his spot, just like Lith.
He shapeshifted into his Abomination form and pushed his palms against the expanding energy dome. Doom Tide was still made of world energy and life force and both were just nourishment for the black sphere of the Abomination.
Yet there was too much and Doom Tide was too close for Lith to absorb it, especially with his limited mastery over that side of his life force.
What he did was use the Abomination Touch to buy time while his Spirit Eye fought against Ophius' will for dominance over the Doom Tide.
The energy dome expanded and contracted based on how the tug of war shifted. From Rayne's point of view, it seemed like the Abomination was using raw strength to push the Doom Tide back to the Quetzalcoatl.
"What kind of monster are you? You are supposed to be dead!" Ophius yelled as he poured everything he had into a final burst of willpower.
"The one you created." Lith's voice was a whisper yet it was perfectly clear.
He clenched his hands, flooding his Spirit and Water Eyes with Life Maelstrom.
The energy dome imploded on itself, crushing Ophius with the same power he had so desperately conjured.
"Fuck, I'd better get ou-" Rayne gurgled blood, her expression dumbfounded as she lowered her eyes and noticed War sticking out of her chest. "Verhen was using two hands against Ophius! How could I miss that?"
War wailed in reply, using the Counter Flow ability to turn her Origin Flames against the Phoenix and flooding her body with Chaos.  She tried to activate her bloodline ability, Molting Essence, to turn into a mass of living flames but War hijacked them too.
With the blade's energy ravaging her insides, the battle of wills was lost as soon as it started.