"To answer your question, Thrud is going to the White Griffon because that way she can get rid of all the Royal artifacts and so much more." Meron said.
 "I'm sorry, I don't follow." Lith said while Kamila poured him some coffee.
"Understandable. I'd be as confused as you are if we hadn't just finished deciphering the blueprints of the Golden Griffon's power core." Meron pulled out the documents that Lith and Vladion had provided after their raid of the lost academy.
"You see, we have finally understood what those unknown runes do. Their purpose is not only to allow the Golden Griffon to interact with the Royal Array that connected the six great academies, but also to rebuild it after taking the White Griffon's place."
"Wait. Are you telling me that destroying the White Griffon isn't a mere act of spite toward me and Vastor?" Lith spat out his coffee. "Weren't those runes simply meant to grant the Golden Griffon the ability to move on its own?"
"No to both." Meron replied. "Their purpose is to create a new Royal Array based on the Unwavering Loyalty array. Once the White Griffon is eradicated and the Golden Griffon takes its place, Arthan's Royal Array will encompass the other five great academies.
"Thrud will become their master as well and with five more mage towers at her service, she'll have all the power she needs to conquer Valeron and kill whoever stands on her path. This is our last occasion to stop her.
"Failure means death or enslavement, there is no third option. Can the Crown count on its Supreme Magus?" For the first time since their deal, Meron was asking instead of ordering Lith.
The King knew that no one could stop Lith from running away to the Desert or the Empire but Lith himself.
"You can." Lith nodded. "Just one question. Are we going to merely slow Thrud down or do we have a chance of victory?"
"I'm sending my wife there as we speak. I'd come as well but with my health, I'd just be a burden for her. Does this answer your question?" Meron replied.
"It does. I'll be there shortly."
"Take your time to say your goodbyes, but do not delay. Meron out." The King turned off the amulet and looked at Queen Sylpha.
She was wearing the Saefel Armor while the Saefel Sword was hanging from her hip.
"I'm so sorry. That should be me inside the armor."
"Don't be foolish." She couldn't risk her long hair bothering her during the fight so she fixed them into a tight bun secured by an enchanted pin. "If we have a chance at destroying the lost academy it's thanks to your sacrifice.
"You paid dearly to ensure Verhen's immunity to the slave array. Now it's my turn."
"But only I carry Valeron's blood! Your imprint is secondary. What if the Saefel set doesn't activate for you?" Meron asked.
"I refuse to believe that Valeron and Saefel were this stupid." Sylpha shook her head. "I may not carry Valeron's blood, but I carry his will. It has to be enough."
She thumped her fist on the armor's breastplate, right on the heart.
"Maybe and maybe not." Meron took the small knife that he carried on his waist and cut deeply into his palm.
It bled profusely and the King spread it over the helm, the breastplate, and along the entire length of the blade. It was the ancient Ritual of Blood, dating back to the King who had succeeded Valeron.
According to the legend, the First King had created the Ritual in order to allow the spouses of his descendants to tap into the true power of the Saefel set. The problem was that until that moment, no King or Queen had ever fallen ill.
Valeron's descendants would always face a threat themselves so the Ritual had never been put into practice and its workings were unknown.
"Are you insane? You are still weak! You need to rest and recover." Sylpha tried to stop him but he refused.  
"Please, maybe I'm really going crazy but I can't stand the thought of sending you to die in Distar while I stay here in the safety of the castle. Let me be there with you however I can." Meron said.
"If anything happens to me, just run. I don't care if you give the Small World and the Spell Hoarding Cube to the Empress or the Overlord. The only thing that matters is to keep Thrud from getting her hands on them." Sylpha took the helm off, letting him smear his blood under her eyes and on her lips.
"I will. Always remember that I love you." The King said.
"I love you more." Sylpha leaned her forehead against his for a brief moment and then Warped to the White Griffon.
***
Rekar mountain range, Solus' tower.
"What are you going to do?" Even though she knew it was impossible, Kamila felt her stomach churn as if the baby was kicking every piece of food she had just eaten up her esophagus.
"You heard the King, I'm going to say my goodbyes." A snap of Lith's fingers Warped the tower to the geyser in the Trawn woods.
"Dammit, I almost forgot." He took his communication amulet and pressed Vladion's rune. "The Golden Griffon has reappeared near the White Griffon and the Royals have requested my presence there.
"I'm calling you because I remember your promise to the undead trapped in the dungeon of the lost academy. I have no idea what the Royals are planning, but this is the only chance you'll get to uphold your word.
"If the opportunity arises, I'll sneak inside the Golden Griffon to destroy it while you rescue your brethren."
"Thanks for the heads up." The Firstborn Vampire gave him a polite nod. "I'm on good terms with the Empress but it seems that she's been left out of the loop as well. I'll join you as soon as I can, but first…"
"Join me how?" Lith furrowed his brow in confusion. "I don't know where you are, but here in Distar the sun is high."
"Say thank you to uncle Lith." Vladion ignored the questions and lifted a small boy who had Vladion's raven-black hair and Lysa's blue eyes.
"Thank you, uncle Lith." The boy's skin looked a bit gaunt but it was also rosy and healthy.
"Oh gods, is that Radusk?" Solus asked.
"Yeah. Even I have trouble recognizing my little man sometimes." Vladion said with a warm smile while ruffling Radusk's hair. "Is Tyris with you? I wanted to thank her as well."
"I hope not." Lith mumbled.
He had almost forgotten that one Guardian allegedly followed Kamila at all times.
'I hope no one was here yesterday. I'm cool with protection, but I'd also like to have some damn privacy.' He thought.
"Why are you thanking me? I didn't do anything." Lith actually said.
"If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have met your wife and she wouldn't have been in Tyris' company. If not for you, the Great Mother would have never granted me an audience and my son would still be 'ill'.
"For that, you have my gratitude, Lady Verhen." Vladion gave Kamila a deep bow and hung up the call before she could answer.