"That was weird but at least Vladion didn't call me Lady Magus." Kamila sighed.
From the Trawn woods, the Warping Mirror allowed them to reach Lith's living room in a single step.
Much to Lith's surprise, several people were waiting for him. Faluel, Quylla, Morok, Friya, Nalrond, Protector, Selia, Vastor, Zinya, and the kids were all inside Lith's house in Lutia.
"Lith, thank the gods you are here." Elina ran to him, checking that he was alright. "No one wants to tell me what's going on and I'm starting to get scared."
"They probably wanted to let me break the news to you." Lith hugged her and shared with the whole family what he had learned from the King via a mind link. "I've come here to bid you goodbye and send you all to the Desert.
"If I know that you are waiting for me in the safety of Grandma's Palace, my heart will be at peace when I fight against Thrud's forces."
"It's the same reason we've come here." Quylla sighed. "The Royals have relieved us from duty and ordered us to evacuate the Kingdom. They say there's no place for us in the ensuing battle and that they want to preserve the lives of members of the four founding pillars of the Kingdom.
"Mother and Father sent us here to go to the Desert with your family."
"What about Jirni and Orion?" Raaz asked.
"They have refused to move from the Ernas mausoleum." Friya hiccupped, needing sheer willpower to not break into tears. "They are going to watch Phloria's grave and wait for the outcome of the battle.
"If the Kingdom loses, they'll buy the time necessary to unearth our ancestors and bring their corpses to safety. They say that they won't let Thrud disturb Phloria's rest at any cost."
"I'm here to summon Lith on behalf of the Council and because I'm going to take part in the battle as well." Faluel said. "I'm sorry Selia, but your husband has to come with me. A powerful Emperor Beast like him can make the difference."
At those words, Quylla and Friya clenched their teeth until their jaws popped, but they said nothing.
"I understand." Selia nodded as a silent tear streaked along her cheek and she wiped it off. "What about your mother and Tessa? You could use their help."
"I'm sorry, but they left the Kingdom the day Phloria died." The Hydra sighed. "Mother is back in the Empire and Tessa is wherever she lives. They said that they have no reason to fight such a desperate battle.
"They have suffered so much that at this point they just don't care."
"Fucking bastards!" Selia cursed every member of Valeron's party, including the First King.
Vastor remained silent the whole time, no matter how much Zinya begged and nudged him.
"Tell him, dear. He has the right to know." Zinya's voice was broken.
She was trying and failing to hold her tears.
"Tell me what?" Lith asked.
"The Royals relieved me from duty as well." Vastor said with a sigh. "They say that I've done enough. They thanked me for my years of service and said that I don't deserve to die like a dog.
"The King himself awarded me with the greatest honors and wished me and my family a safe and happy life wherever we want to move." Vastor showed a document that allowed his family to cross the borders of the Kingdom to every other country.
"Then why are you crying, Zin?" Kamila hugged her sister, failing to understand the source of her distress.
"Because Zogar is staying!" She yelled. "Even with the blessing of the Royals, he came here solely to send me and the kids to the Desert with you, Kami."
"Wait, what?" Lith blurted out in surprise.
"You heard her." The Master nodded. "I'm sending Tezka with Zinya but the rest of the kids and I are going to fight by your side, Lith. I'm too old to run away and I'm not going to let my heir die after struggling so much to find you."
He tried to sound casual, but the warmth in his voice and eyes reminded Lith of how Raaz looked at him as a child.
"I've already done enough. I've lived way too long and found way more happiness than I deserve. An old coot dying to protect a young man isn't only fair but also the natural order of things." Vastor said.
"You have a wife and a daughter who need you whereas I have just a bunch of bloody secrets and too many regrets. Mogar would gain a lot in the exchange."
"That's not true! You have a wife as well." Zinya grabbed him from the back, bawling her eyes out, yet he didn't flinch.
Vastor was aware that a good chunk of her love was built on a lie. Were the truth to come out after his death, it would soften the blow of his betrayal and give her a fresh start as a rich woman.
"Don't go, Dad. Please don't leave us." Filia and Frey clung to his legs. "We are not your real children, but we love you a lot. You are the only Dad we ever had."
Vastor's throat clenched and his determination wavered. It was the first time in a long while that a child had called him dad and it made him prouder than he would have believed possible.
'I thought they just pretended to like me for Zinya's sake yet their affection was sincere.' The Master thought as emotion blurred his vision. 'Seeing two innocent beings crying like that for a ruthless monster like me means that at least I've done one good thing in this life.'
"And you are my children." He caressed their heads. "You may not carry my blood, but I've always considered you mine even before I married your mom. That's why Daddy has to stay.
"It's a father's duty to fight for his children and ensure them a better life than he had. Don't you like your house? Your friends? Your school?"
Frey and Filia nodded, but kept clinging to him.
"I'm going to make sure that you don't have to give up on any of them. To give you the safety and the happiness you deserve. Thrud is a bad woman and if she wins, she'll come for you next.
"Dad is going to make sure that she never gets the opportunity or at least he'll die trying."
"I don't care for a big house. Please, stay." Frey said.
"Frey and I can share a little room together. We are used to it. You don't have to go." Filia sobbed.
 "Yes, I do." Vastor knelt down, kissing their foreheads and wiping off their tears. "I'm going to protect your mom, aunt, uncle, and even your cousin."
The children turned to look at Kamila's womb.
"If something happens to me, it's your duty to take care of them. Can I trust you with it, my children?"
"Yes, Dad." They nodded in unison.
Raaz clenched his hands and gritted his teeth. His trauma had been reopened by Phloria's death but it couldn't hold a candle to the rage he felt.