Hydras could share emotions just like Dragons, but only among the members of their race.
Ufyl broke into tears, crying in joy at the idea that he wouldn't die that day.
"The Beast Council approves." Feela nodded.
"The Human Council approves." Raagu followed suit.
Thrud had found a way to evolve herself along with the Emperor Beasts. Raagu's hope was that by studying Ufyl's condition, humans could learn how to evolve as well.
"She accepted to go out with me. What she said." Inxialot beamed with joy.
"The Plant Council approves." Lotho actually didn't, but he was already outvoted, and voicing his grievances would have gained him nothing.
Emperor Beasts learning how to become Divine Beasts would further skew the Council's balance in their favor, yet Lotho could only suck it up and smile.
"Anything else?" Sylpha asked, her patience running thin.
'I need to call Meron and make sure that the emerald pillar didn't originate from him. What if his life span shortened again? Good gods, how can Verhen and his wife live with this?' She turned to Lith, empathizing with his condition.
"Yes." Vorgh nodded. "This is good news for sure. We searched through the rubble of the Golden Griffon for something useful and we found this!"
The old and short General took a block of Davross out of his dimensional amulet.
Lith recognized it immediately as the one he had found during one of his trips in Huryole as a Ranger.
"That's it? It's not even purified." The Queen sighed.
"It's still Davross and lots of it." Vorgh blinked several times in confusion.
"I appreciate your concern, Brigadier General, but the Royal Treasury is not that desperate for resources and the Kingdom has plenty of mines." Sylpha shook her head. "Supreme Magus Verhen, it's yours if you want it."
"You found and reported that Davross forge first. You raided the lost academy twice and brought it down. This treasure belongs to you."
"I gracefully accept your gratitude, Your Majesty." Lith enthusiastically rapped his breastplate and gave her a deep bow as the Davross block disappeared in his pocket dimension.
"That's just the beginning." Sylpha shook her head. "With the War of the Griffons over, there's no more reason to delay our respective promises. You are going to help us to create trains, Tablets, and write down the principles of Void Magic in a way that anyone can learn it.
"The Crown will finish building your mansion and see you properly compensated for your efforts. Go home, Supreme Magus Verhen. You've earned it."
"Wait a second. Where's Vladion? Where's my sister?" Lith turned around left and right, searching for them in the crowd.
 "Right here." Nyka came forward while carrying the still unconscious Tista in a princess carry.
A fifth eye was open on Tista's left cheek, shining with the power of the air element.
Vladion walked by the young Vampire's side and was followed by several undead.
"How can you walk under the daylight?" Sylpha said in shock.
"Thanks to me." Nyka's features shifted into Dawn's for a split second and her crystal protruded from her chest. "I'm the Horseman of Dawn."
"I'm sorry, Lith." Vladion ignored the Queen's ensuing barrage of questions. His allegiance lay solely with the Eclipsed Lands and his deal with the Empress gave him diplomatic immunity.
"I tried searching for your brother, but the Golden Griffon exploded before we could find him."
"Search for Meln Narchat, now!" Sylpha turned pale and focused on real problems. "He's still alive and must be somewhere around here. Keep the kill scrolls at hand."
"Thanks, Vladion." Lith was very tired and with the full force of the Kingdom and the Council already searching for Orpal, he knew there wasn't much he could do. "What now?"
'If Meln is still alive he's either unconscious and they'll find him, or he has already Warped away under the cover of the chaos of battle.' Lith's pessimistic nature told him it was the latter. 'The explosion was nowhere strong enough to kill a Horseman.
'Worst case scenario, the moment Night got reconnected to her steed, she Warped thousands of kilometers from here.'
"I upheld my word to my fellow undead and the threat to the Eclipsed Lands is over. Now it's time for me to go home. I suggest you to do the same." The Firstborn Vampire said.
"Except Lith isn't done." Leegaain descended from the sky with Milea, Salaark, and two stunningly beautiful handmaidens by his side.
The Mother of All Phoenixes carried Shargein while the Father of All Dragons carried Valeron the Second.
"I'm sorry to rush you but I need to hear your answer now."
Lith shuddered at the sight of the baby. His smell reminded the Tiamat of Jormun and Thrud. Neither was pleasant.
The first conjured the illusion of the blood of the Emerald Dragon drenching his right hand while the latter triggered his recent trauma, making his whole arm feel sticky and wet from Phloria's blood.
Lith stepped close to the Guardian and tried to caress the baby.
His hand started to shake and his stomach to churn, forcing him to move back or puke his guts out.
"I'm sorry, but I can't. Phloria died a few days ago and I'm still haunted by the memory of what Thrud made me do. If I take Valeron, I would do wrong to both of us.
"He deserves loving parents who will love him like every child needs, not a reluctant stepfather who would make him feel unwanted." Lith shook his head. "If I may, I have a request."
"Name it." Leegaain nodded. "Jormun entrusted Valeron to you. Yours is the final word."
"I want you and Grandma to take care of him for me until I will be ready." Lith turned toward Salaark. "One of you might repeat the mistakes of the past, but I'm sure that together you'll do a great job.
"Also, Shargein can use a playmate and someone who can understand his struggles."
"I accept as well." Salaark nodded. "What about the handmaidens?"
"Valeron will need humans to appreciate his mother's side and someone he knows to not be shocked by the sudden changes in his life. Please, my Queen, spare them as well." Lith said to Sylpha.
She was being glared at by four Guardians which was the closest thing to Death hugging her and giving her a business card.
"The Crown approves." Sylpha nodded like a frenzied parrot.
"You are welcome to visit at all times, loving finch." The Overlord said. "Valeron the Second may be my stepson, but he's also your grandchild. Gods, our family tree has just gotten even more messed up."
"Thanks, noisy sparrow." Tyris took the small Bahamut in her arms and he cooed in joy, mistaking her for his mother. "I'll always be there for you, little one. I promise."
The baby biologically was her grandchild and smelled no different from a Griffon. He also smelled of Valeron the like she hadn't experienced in 700 years.
"Is there anything else? I really want to go home and kiss my wife." Lith sighed as the adrenaline of battle started to fade and exhaustion to kick in.
Sylpha turned to Vorgh who shook his head before joining the search party for the Dead King.