"Do you need a ride?" Salaark asked, beaming with joy for the trust that Lith put in her and the new member of the family.
"Thank you, Grandma." Lith embraced her.
He felt so tired and disgusted from all the bloodshed that even the thought of looking for a geyser made him want to puke. He felt cold and dark whereas Salaark was warm and bright.
Lith felt terrible at the idea of all the people who had lived inside the Golden Griffon. The people he had killed along with Hystar.
"I have something to do in the Empire." Leegaain said. "You go first. I'll join you as soon as I can."
A Warp brought him, Milea, Tyris, and Valeron right inside his secret lair.
There, Leari the Thunderborne, Protheus the Doppelganger, and every one of Thrud's unique creations were waiting for the Guardian of Knowledge.
"What the fuck?" Milea said in shock. "How could these bastards escape from the Kingdom and reach the Empire so quickly?"
"They didn't. I brought them here." Leegaain replied.
"He's the world's keeper, child." Tyris answered her silent question. "Leegaain's duty is to preserve the knowledge that would otherwise be lost and the creatures that Mogar's people aren't ready to accept."
"Let me get this straight. If Fyrwal showed no mercy, you would have saved Ufyl too, correct?" The Empress asked.
"That's right." Leegaain nodded. "They are unique beings and have no fault in the way they were born. They have been lied to and manipulated their whole life. I am going to let them live but they'll have to earn their freedom.
"Until I'm certain that Thrud's brainwashing is gone and that they have paid for their crimes, they are not going anywhere."
"There's no point in keeping me alive. Just kill me already." Protheus sobbed. He had no heart, but Thrud's death seemed to hurt as if someone was ripping it out of his chest anyway.
"Really? Would you abandon your brother?" Leegaain showed him the small Valeron who giggled at him.
"My liege!" The Divine Beasts said in unison.
"Brother!" The Doppelganger jumped up and hugged the baby, his tears now of joy.
"Don't be so quick to give up on life. You are a baby as well, barely older than Valeron." Leegaain patted Protheus' head. "You've known nothing but Thrud's teachings. She may have been a good mother to you, but she was a bad person.
"Her rage and madness infected you for so long that you consider them normal. You and your children need time to see Mogar with your own eyes. To lift the veil with which Arthan's daughter clouded your judgement."
"My children?" Protheus echoed in disbelief.
Then, he saw them. The other Doppelgangers who had been born from him were all there, rescued from the ruins of the Golden Griffon as well.
They screamed in joy and relief seeing both their father and their uncle alive and well.
"I wouldn't doom a race like that." Leegaain shook his head. "Welcome home, children."
***
Meanwhile, in the Essar Region, Orpal kept crying on the ground.
"Enough torture. I beg of you. Make it stop." It wasn't the first time that Thrud created a complex illusion to fool him into believing to be free.
Then, she would appear when he was at the peak of his happiness and beat him into a pulp until he lost his mind in despair.
"This is no illusion, you cretin!" Night took over, using the abundant darkness energy to recover her strength and Moonlight to regenerate their body. "We are free. Truly free! I can even hear the call of my mother and siblings!"
'I don't care. Please, let me die.' Orpal moaned.
'Dammit, Thrud broke him for good.' The Horseman thought. 'To make matters worse, he's been stuck at the deep blue until now. During our imprisonment, Lith has become so strong that in the final moments of the Golden Griffon, I could feel his power despite the seals on our cell.
'I no longer have my Undead Court, my resources are gone, and my host is a hot mess. Yet I'm free and time is the only thing I have plenty of.'
***
Heavenly Plume Palace, Blood Desert, at the same time.
Salaark Warped in her living room, where Lith's friends and family were waiting for him, Solus, and Tista to return.
"We won." Was all that Lith said and it was enough to make the room almost come down from cheers and stomping.
"My babies! My beautiful babies." Elina rushed forward, checking Lith, the still unconscious Tista, and Trion for injuries. "Are you alright?"
"I'm just tired, Mom." Lith sat down, his eyes drooping.
"Where's Solus?" Raaz asked.
"Right here." Lith raised his hand and showed the stone ring. "She's tired as well and without a geyser, she can't take human form."
 "Do you mind some help?" Salaark offered her hand and he gave her the ring.
A second later, the ring was above a powerful geyser and after another second the tower took form. Solus was in her bedroom, already asleep.
"There you are!" Kamila rushed to Lith, jumping into his arms before kissing him. "I was worried sick. You should have called me as soon as the battle was over."
"I know, I'm sorry. Where have you been?" He asked.
"I was busting my ass, just like you." She showed him one of the many books about names that she had been consulting in his absence. "I think I've found a name for our daughter.
"Elysia. It belongs to a legendary goddess of the Desert and means 'sunshine'. Just like our baby and her pendant. What do you say?"
"Elysia Phloria Verhen." Lith said while moving his gaze from his mother to Salaark.
The room burst into cheers and his parents were honored by the baby being named after Elina. Salaark was honored as well because it wasn't just a name that belonged to her country, it was also one of her old alter egos. But that's a story for another day.
As for Lith, just saying Phloria's name sent a pang through his chest yet it quickly faded. She was gone, but she would never be forgotten. Her memory would live on with his daughter.
"Most fitting. You've done a great job so far, Kami. I can't wait to meet the final result of your opus." Lith gently caressed Kamila's womb before giving her a sweet kiss.
"Me too." She gave him a soft smile. "Do you need help to get to bed? You can use some rest."
"I need help, but not for that. Please, wake up Solus for me." Lith suddenly turned dark, his face twisted by pain.
Even with Nandi fueling her and the Life Maelstrom, Solus was still a blue core. Fighting for so long had taken a huge toll on her body just like killing so many innocents weighed on her mind.
"Whatever this is, can't it wait?"  Solus' frown turned upside down the moment her family embraced her and welcomed her back.
"No, it can't. We can't." Lith shook his head. "Kami, the lily pendant, please."
"Are you sure? Do you want to do it now?" She took the golden necklace out of her dimensional amulet and put it on his palm.