"Gods, we need to start thinking about a name. Something starting with an S." While Elina looked at Salaark who felt deeply moved, Raaz froze to the point that he forgot how to breathe.
The second heartbeat belonged to his unborn daughter who had now become as real as Rena and Tista. His whole being crumbled and he felt like falling onto his knees and crying with joy.
Then, the pieces reassembled themselves as Raaz remembered the time back when he was still barely a man and Elina had told him she was pregnant for the first time. He had been happy and terrified at the same time, but he hadn't let those emotions overwhelm him.
Raaz knew how big of a challenge raising a baby would have been so he had steeled up and worked twice as hard. Now, he had no need to work, but he was nothing like his old self.
He was weak and wounded, something he couldn't tolerate anymore. Raaz wanted to be strong and go back to being someone his wife could rely upon instead of just being another person she had to take care of.
The heartbeat of the baby gave him the strength and the will to fight his inner demons like the man he wanted to be.
"It's beautiful." He walked behind Elina, caressing her face and then her womb. "Thank you, dear. I thought I'd never been happier yet you proved me wrong."
After that, it was Selia's turn and Protector howled in joy, quickly followed by Lilia, Leran, and Fenrir. The baby's heartbeat accelerated, matching their rhythm as if they were answering the call.
"Stop it, you wolfheads." Selia said with a broken voice. "If the baby comes out before the right time, it would be your fault."
The pack went mute in a second, rushing to reassure her baby bump that everything was alright.
"It's beautiful indeed." Leegaain nodded. "Do you plan on sharing it?"
"Don't ask me. It belongs to Solus." Lith gave her full credit along with the blame.
"Thanks, farmbutt." She snarled. "Honestly, I haven't thought about that but I think I will. It's no secret and requires little skill. Kami?"
"Why do you ask me?" She replied.
"Because you helped me develop it. I consider the spell yours as well." Solus said.
"I'd be happy to share it. It can't be used to do harm and will only bring joy to the people of the Kingdom. They need it." Kamila nodded.
"And not only them." Sinmara and Surtr walked inside the room but remained outside the door, not wanting to intrude in case their presence wasn't welcome.
"Every mother on Mogar would pay gold to hear their baby. Rethia sure would." The Dragon of Light cleared his throat, feeling awkward from Lith's glare.
"What are you doing here?" Lith didn't care to hide the edge in his voice or the irritation he felt.
"We wanted to offer you our condolences and let you know that we are here for you." Sinmara said, tormenting her fingers.
"I don't want any of your condolences." Lith stood up. "Keep your offers for someone who doesn't know you because I remember well that when I really needed you, you turned your back on me."
"I'm sorry for that but my family-"
"Comes before mine." Lith ended the phrase for Surtr and nodded. "I understand that but it doesn't change the outcome. I have no idea if I could have saved Phloria with your help. What I know for certain is that you weren't there and she died.
"I'm not going to point fingers but I have no need for someone as unreliable as you."
"Now you are being unfair." Sinmara took a single step forward. "If it was about Kamila or Elysia, we would have helped you, no matter the cost. Yet it was just a human woman and the price was fighting a war."
"That 'human woman' was my best friend." Lith's voice dripped scorn. "Phloria, that was her name, was my daughter's godmother. Speaking of that, I have a second announcement to make."
Kamila noticed Lith's lips curling up in a cruel smile and she hated him for that.
'He shouldn't drag Elysia in his petty revenge. I understand how he feels but this is just wrong.' She thought.
"With Phloria 'just a human woman' Ernas dead, Elysia needed a new godparent. Kami, Solus, and I have unanimously decided that there is no better person than Zoreth to take that mantle." Lith said, making the entire room burst into an uproar.
"Grandma and Grandpa are already bound by their vow and I didn't want to burden them further. Especially now that they have to take care of Shargein and Valeron the Second." Lith raised his hands to quiet them down and let him explain.
 "Zoreth is the best choice. She's a human-Dragon-Abomination hybrid, so she knows exactly how Elysia will feel and she experienced the same struggles that my daughter will face.
"She is also an Awakened mage. Zoreth will be able to teach Elysia everything she needs and follow her when she throws a tantrum. More importantly, Zoreth had no qualms about risking her life and that of her wife to aid me in the war.
"If she did so much for me, I'm certain that she'll do the same for Elysia. When her goddaughter needs her, Zoreth will overturn the heavens and earth instead of explaining Elysia why she can't intervene." Lith stared Surtr and Sinmara in the eyes during the last part.
"I approve of your choice." Salaark nodded. "I don't like her but, in your shoes, I would do the same."
"Thank you, Lith." Leegaain shivered lightly in emotion. "It means a lot to me. Maybe, if we work together, we can bring my baby girl back to life in full, like you."
"Well, congratulations." The twins clicked their tongues in unison.
The decision was already made and arguing was pointless.
"Still, I think you are being unfair to us." Surtr said. "Mother and Father didn't help you either, yet your feelings for them are unchanged."
"They are worlds apart from you." Lith shook his head. "I couldn't ask Grandpa to choose between Jormun and me just like I couldn't ask Grandma to put the Desert at risk for me.
"They are Guardians whereas I'm just a Tiamat. I can't even begin to understand what they see when they look at the world around them, but I can sense their burden. They didn't stand idly out of selfishness but because they can see the ripples of every action we take.
"Grandma healed me more than once, helped me with my Forgemastery, and kept my family safe. I couldn't ask more from her without feeling the need to swear my allegiance to her.
"Grandpa didn't do much aside from protecting Kami, but that's fair as well. We never cared or liked each other much so I didn't expect him to go out of his way to help me. He was honest with me and I'm grateful for that because I made no illusions about our relationship.
"You, instead, called me your sibling. You offered me your hands and then when I tried to hold on to them in a moment of desperation, you took your hands back."