"I beg your pardon?" Kamila spat the final sip of her tea.
"You know that I've never wanted to leave your side during the pregnancy. Now that the war is over, I can stay with you and make sure that you are safe." Lith said with a warm and kind smile that made it hard for her to tell him that she liked having some personal space.
"Soon the pregnancy will start showing and someone must make sure you don't exert yourself."
Kamila looked around the room like a trapped animal, looking for comfort, advice, or a way out.
"Stop looking for a way out." Elina shrugged. "In my experience, there are only two kinds of first-time fathers. Those who are overprotective, overbearing, and will shadow you to the point you'll wish to kill them in their sleep.
"Then, there are those who don't give a damn about your condition and treat you like nothing is happening. Which one do you prefer?"
Selia, Rena, and even Salaark nodded, making Kamila sigh deeply.
"Isn't there a middle ground or something?" She asked.
"Would you like for your husband to be halfway good? Or for your food to be halfway tasty?" Salaark said. "Do you know what the word is for stuff in the middle ground?"
"Mediocre. Average at best." Kamila replied.
"My point exactly." The Guardian nodded.
"Why are you acting like that? We'll embark on this journey together. If you can't drink alcohol, neither will I." Lith said to prove his goodwill.
"Good gods, how do you deal with that?" Kamila asked Salaark, ignoring him.
"I love Leegaain but he really was too clingy as well. When you want to be left alone, either you get Lith drunk or you give me a call and I'll knock him out without him even noticing."
"Hey!" Lith and Leegaain said in unison, the latter suddenly understanding why he was "fainting prone" while taking care of Salaark and their babies.
***
The Verhens remained in the Blood Desert for over a week.
During that time, Lith performed one of the most incredible feats that his family had ever seen him do. He slept a lot and took the time to enjoy the little things in life.
He worked in the tower with Solus only to arrange the material he would later need in Valeron. This way, he would be ready and there would be no reason to bother her during her travels.
Solus kept teaching Kamila magic in their free time, letting her learn at her own pace and answering the questions that Kamila raised in-between lessons as she practiced on her own.
Lith and Kamila would also often go back to the Kingdom to visit the Ernas.
They also went on double dates with Quylla and Morok or Vastor and Zinya. The first couple was now living together to test-run things before the marriage while the second could finally afford the time for a proper honeymoon.
Zinya was proud of Zogar for what he had done during the Battle for the White Griffon and for how good a father he was. Since the rest of the Kingdom seemed to ignore his achievements, she did everything she could to make him feel appreciated.
It was during one of the visits to the Ernas household that Jirni gave them the news.
"Don't worry about your job. I've made sure that despite the insane workload the Constable office is going through, no one will disturb you. You deserve it, Kamila. You both deserve it." She said with a sigh.
Lith had expected to find Jirni disheveled and marked by grief, yet she had never looked better.
Even without make-up, her skin looked younger and her hair silky. She had always had the sensual grace of a predator but now her movements were even nimbler and more delicate.
"Thanks, Jirni. I can't even imagine how hard it must be for you to deal with both your duties as an Archon and the aftermath of the war on your family." Kamila avoided mentioning Phloria's death, afraid to tear the wound open.
"We are all still forlorn from my Little Flower's untimely passing, but I can assure you that work isn't a problem." Jirni shook her head.
"Sure." Kamila nodded, incapable of hiding her disbelief despite her rigid training as a Constable.
"I'm not acting strong. Work really isn't a problem because I've taken a sabbatical." Jirni would have liked to wait a bit more before sharing that piece of news, but she could see the worry on her apprentice's face.
"A sabbatical?" Kamila echoed in disbelief. "Are you really going to be away for a whole year?"
Lith said nothing but clenched his hands. Jirni was Kamila's fortress and army at work. Many people had yet to forget about her and Lith being oath breakers. His inhuman nature and her carrying his child made things even worse.
Without Jirni's protection, things could get really nasty really fast.
"Maybe more, maybe less. The only thing I know for sure is that I'm not going to work until after Quylla's marriage." Jirni replied. "Right now, I wouldn't be able to be a good Archon and my family needs me more than ever.
"I've lost so many things and I don't want to miss a single moment of my Little One turning from a beautiful woman into a wonderful bride."  She sniffled on cue, fooling everyone.
Jirni did want to help Quylla with the wedding planning and take care of his grieving family, but she also had an agenda that demanded no witnesses. She had to get accustomed to her new body and learn all kinds of elemental and Spirit Magic.
As her core grew stronger, she needed to give Vastor and Orion the time to develop a new kind of cloaking device that would fool even Awakened like Lith and keep her newfound powers a secret.
'Once Quylla is married and I've mastered everything I can about my core's current power output, I can safely go back to work.' Jirni actually thought. 'Right now, I'm limited to tier one spells and it will take me months to get the yellow.
'There's no point wasting time at home. Not when I can use my powers on the job as well and get real experience instead of mere training.'
"I'm so sorry, Jirni. Take all the time you want." Lith said. "I've already applied to be Kamila's bodyguard whenever I can and there's always a Guardian with her. She should be safe."
"Physically, maybe, but no Guardian ever bothered moving their ass when she was hazed." Jirni countered pointedly. "That's why I took care of handpicking the Archon Kamila will work with and arranged for a proper introduction."
 "Thank you again, Jirni. If there's anything I can do for you, you just need to ask." Kamila grabbed her hands when the door of the tea room opened, letting Quylla and Friya in.
"Mom! What's this story about sending me away? How can- Oh, hi guys." Quylla charged like a bull and stopped abruptly when she noticed the guests.
"Hi, Little One. Congratulations again." Lith stood up and hugged her.
"Gods, I hate you so much." She said with a sweet voice while returning the embrace.