"Thanks, Mom." Friya hugged Jirni as well. "Speaking of mansions, Lith, what about yours?"
"I'm in your same situation." He sighed. "The Queen is having it finished at record speed but she also will set the bare minimum. She wants me to decide stuff like drapes, the style of the furniture, the art pieces, and all that crap!"
"Is he whining because he hates decorating or because he has to pay for the furniture out of his own pocket?" Quylla asked Kamila.
"Hey!" Lith didn't like the allegation.
"He's whining because everything looks the same to him and he has trouble seeing more than 16 colors." Kamila replied with a giggle. "The Royals are paying for everything or you'd see him cry blood."
 "Kami!"
"Did I say something wrong or inaccurate?" She asked.
"No, but not in front of our friends!" He said in embarrassment.
"No need to be embarrassed." Jirni shook her head. "You have yet to buy Kamila a single gift worthy of its name. Everything she has you crafted yourself. It's very romantic but also very cheap."
"Yeah, even her Voidfeather armor comes from Salaark." Friya nodded.
"You are the Supreme Miser, everyone knows it." Quylla shrugged. "Buy your wife something nice for once. She's going to need it."
"What do you mean?" Lith and Kamila asked in unison.
"Well, in a while she is going to attend to Court summons, the Gala for the end of the war, Court life, and my marriage minimum. Do you know that wearing the same dress twice is considered terrible manners?" Quylla replied.
"Are you kidding me?" Lith clenched in pain the stone ring where his wallet was stored.
"Why do you think I have so many dresses?" Jirni rose an eyebrow in disbelief. "You have to wait at least one month before wearing the same outfit can be considered proper. Then, you must also consider the current fashion or be frowned upon as outdated.
"You also need to take into account that a party can be themed and you must fit in. Last, but not least, you need suitable jewels for your outfit. Women are not like you who can wear your damn uniform and robe and be always fine. We need to shine."
"Oh, gods." Lith whimpered, making everyone laugh.
"I'm sorry, babe. I can borrow what I need until-" Kamila's worry was the final straw that broke the camel's back.
Lith felt like a heartless jerk, not only because he had never bothered learning all those things, but also because she was feeling sorry for him. Kamila lived on a military salary whereas he was a Baron, a Magus, a Supreme Magus, and the owner of silver mines.
Plural.
"No, you won't." Lith shook his head. "Can you girls please help Kami get herself a good wardrobe? I'm terrible at it and I don't want to scare clerks and tailors with the grimaces I know I'd make if I were present."
"It will be our pleasure." Jirni nodded. "Any request in particular?"
"Just make sure she and the baby are comfortable. I don't care if you have to buy every dress in multiple sizes." Lith said, making the women aww.
"Remember those words and throw them in your respective husband's face if necessary." Jirni said to her daughters. "If even someone like Lith can be so thoughtful, Nalrond and Morok must be ashamed of themselves if they do any worse."
"Hey!" Lith was tired of being insulted. Sure, everything they said was true, but it didn't make it pleasant to hear.
***
Duchy of Essagor, inside the Yrfal school, at the same time.
Lith was on special leave due to his contribution to the war efforts and Jirni was on sabbatical whereas the life of the Master had resumed the day after Thrud's death like nothing had happened.
The White Griffon was already fully operational and the permanent new Royal Array was just a few days away from being completed. As vice-Headmaster, Vastor had to help Marth with the mountain of paperwork necessary to run the academy and prepare the lessons for the fourth and fifth years.
Actually, something had changed in Zogar Vastor's life.
Marth had told everyone how he had managed to tap into the White Knight's true power only thanks to the support of the old Professor. Marth claimed that Vastor had helped him from the outside first and then had joined him in the cockpit.
"As the vice-Headmaster, the Headmaster's ring bears Vastor's secondary imprint." Marth said to everyone willing to listen. "It allowed us to join our forces and beat the Golden Griffon into submission."
Ryssa and the plant folk from the White Griffon's Forest also vouched for Vastor. They hadn't actually seen him, but Marth knew Vastor had to be there somewhere and that was more than enough for the plant folk.
Marth had unwittingly helped to further split Vastor from his Master persona in the public opinion, giving him an alibi. The words of the Headmaster had also brought Vastor a little share of glory and fame since now everyone knew that he hadn't run away even when given the chance.
Also, after learning from Zinya about the true life of Filia and Frey in their school, Vastor had started to accompany them in person every morning.
Once not even that had proven to be enough, he had demanded from the Yrfal school's headmaster to arrange a "bring your parents to school" day.
Useless to say, Vastor attended the event while donning his deep blue Archmage robe over his high uniform and wielding his Yggdrasill staff, Grimbark.  
His Spellbreaker pin, the Queen's Corps badge, the Royal Forgemaster's stripes, and the White Griffon insignia identifying him as the head of the light magic department were pinned on his breast pocket as well and impossible to miss.
The noble parents swallowed non-stop and the bullies were covered in a cold sweat even thicker than their parents'. The rest of the class was simply in awe. The children gawked at the sight of Vastor, each pointing at their respective favorite symbol of power.
'Good gods. What have I done?' Every single one of those who badmouthed Zinya and her children thought. They each used slightly different words but the fear was the same.
Seeing the meek and round Professor with his usual white robes, it was easy to forget who Vastor really was. It was the reason he was reminding everyone of the consequences of standing against him or those he loved.
He was an old coot, but an old coot who ruled over the Essagor Duchy and who held in a single one of his fingers the power to raze their households to the ground. Vastor didn't need to say a word or emit a shred of killing intent to deliver his message.
He was displeased with his retainers and was showcasing his will to go to war against them now that he was done with the Mad Queen.
"Thank you everyone for attending." Headmaster Nanth couldn't take her eyes off Vastor, thanking the gods for having always taken care not to anger him. "This is a special occasion that I hope we can turn into a regular event. If you'll like it of course."
Vastor nodded, and everyone followed suit like a flock of hysterical birds.