Every one of her decisions had to be weighed and pondered since a mistake from one of her Constables would snowball up instead of down and trample her.
"Jenma, it's so nice to see you." Queen Sylpha's smile sent a shiver down the Archon's spine.
Jenma knew that the Queen had no love for the Royal Family, only a deep-seated disdain that Sylpha had never bothered to hide even back when she had just graduated from the Crystal Griffon.
The youngest Great Mage of her generation had considered Valeron's descendants nothing more than a bunch of fossils who had squandered the legacy of the First King and turned his Kingdom into a rotting corpse.
It was the reason the future King Meron had approached her. Not only did she have an amazing magical talent, but she also was the perfect candidate to finally start changing the outdated system.
Sylpha had no interest in the status quo which she openly despised.
Her family belonged to a young magical household that was struggling to thrive despite the merits of its members due to red tape and bureaucrats defending the interests of their own incompetent families.
After marrying Meron and discovering how widespread the corruption was, Sylpha's spite for the Royal family had turned into bloodlust.
After the late General Morn had compromised the War of the Griffons by exposing Lith's identity for his personal agenda, Sylpha had expelled from the Royal Court anyone who wasn't worth the trouble they caused.
"How are you, cousin?" King Meron asked.
His condition seemed to have greatly improved after the end of the war. The cough was gone and most of the age lines caused by the forbidden ritual had become shallower.
"That should be my question, My King." Archon Jenma Griffon fell onto her right knee and bowed her head. "My life for the Kingdom."
"I should be that lucky." Sylpha snarled, her gaze not bothering to hide the wish to perform one more forbidden ritual to extend Meron's lifespan and get rid of some useless trash at the same time.
Jenma stood still and said nothing, knowing that she was that trash.
"Please, forgive Sylpha's manners, dear cousin. She's very tired from taking care of me and of everything the Kingdom needs to put the final nails in the coffin of Thrud's rebellion." Meron held his wife's hand gently and the Queen's gaze softened again.
Even though their marriage was political, they had ended up becoming friends first and lovers later. Sylpha loved her husband and their children. Everyone else in Valeron's bloodline might as well disappear for all she cared.
"There's nothing to forgive, My King. You paid a great personal price to vanquish the Mad Queen and Queen Sylpha risked her life on the battlefield for all of us. She has every right to be angry with those of us who have been useless." Jenma replied.
"Don't be so harsh on yourself, Jenma." Meron shook his head. "Sylpha has great expectations for you and so does Archon Ernas. They have personally selected you among the Archons' ranks for an important task."
Jenma raised her head just enough to see the King's honest demeanor and the Queen's lips curled up, her teeth exposed in something too feral to be called a smile.
"As you know, due to the recent loss of her daughter, Archon Ernas has taken a sabbatical. Among her duties, Archon Ernas was in charge of supervising an important member of the justice department.
"A role that you have been selected to serve in her absence. Allow me to introduce you Constable Kamila Torchbearer-Yehval." At a wave of Meron's hand, the door of the Throne Room opened and Kamila walked in, wearing her uniform.
As she crossed the red carpet separating her from the dais, a chair appeared near Archon Griffon. Sitting in the Throne Room was something that according to protocol only the current Royals could do.
Giving a chair to a guest was the highest honor they could receive and it could be granted only under precise circumstances.
The guest had to be vital for the Kingdom and pregnant. Women who carried fresh and powerful blood couldn't stand for long and unlike any other condition, theirs couldn't be cured.
When Kamila arrived in front of the throne, Sylpha waved her hand when Kamila was about to kneel, sparing her from the formalities, and offered her the chair that Kamila politely refused.
"You probably know her as Baroness Verhen or, as many like to call her, the Lady Magus." Sylpha said, her smile honest again as she wondered how much life force could be extracted from Jenma.
"Three last names?" Archon Griffon was flabbergasted.
Even nobles could only have multiple second names, but more than two last names was unheard of.
"I understand your confusion." Meron said. "Captain Yehval received the Torchbearer name from Overlord Salaark herself on the day of her marriage. Captain Yehval is not only a loyal officer of the Kingdom but also an honorary citizen of the Blood Desert."
"The Overlord?" Jenma felt her throat become parched as she understood how dire her situation was.
"Yes." Sylpha nodded. "It's a funny story. I'm certain that Captain Yehval will be happy to tell you about it. Or you can ask the Overlord herself when she comes to visit. Lady Salaark is very fond of Captain Yehval and of the child she carries."
Jenma cursed under her breath, understanding the threat she was under. Kamila was a political hot potato that the Royals couldn't afford to drop. She was an oath breaker, a half-citizen of the Desert, but also the tether between Verhen and the Kingdom.
The same Verhen who embodied the fear that along with gum and spit kept the peace together. If something were to happen to Kamila, the Royals would sacrifice Jenma to appease his anger.
Literally.
 The use of Forbidden Magic was allowed solely on death row inmates since they were considered already dead and the way they were executed was irrelevant. Jirni had chosen Jenma to make sure that nothing would happen to Kamila.
Were anything to go wrong, Archon Griffon would find herself in prison and Sylpha would have someone compatible with Meron's life force to experiment upon.
"Nice to meet you, Archon Griffon. I'll be in your care." Judging from her tense smile, Constable Yehval had no idea that the hand she was offering was actually a sword aimed at Jenma's heart.
"And I in yours." Archon Griffon nodded while keeping her best poker face. "When are you due to come back to work? I need to prepare you a suitable office."
"After the Royal Gala." Meron answered for her. "The War of the Griffons has taken a huge toll on the Verhens as well and the Crown has decided to give them a special leave to reward them for their sacrifices."
Jenma inwardly sighed in relief. She had the time to purge her staff from problematic elements and make sure that they understood that if her head were to roll, theirs would all follow.
***
City of Valeron, Royal Forgemastery Department, at the same time.
Since Kamila had been summoned to meet her new boss, Lith had decided to accompany her and deliver the first batch of documents he had prepared in accordance with his deal with the Royals.