"How do I look?" Solus was dazzling in her sky-blue gala dress that emphasized her pale skin and light brown hair. It had a square neckline and left her arms exposed that she covered with evening gloves.
She had made sure to hide the seven streaks in her hair, leaving visible only the elements of creation. She wore a parure comprised of gold earrings and a necklace with several small diamonds.
"You look great." Lith nodded. "I'm afraid that if the next time you don't find yourself a date, you'll start competing with Tista for who has more suitors."
"Thank you." Solus gave him a perfect courtesy.
The rest of the family was also dressed up and high-strung. It was the first time that Aran and Leria came to the Royal Court and their respective parents were afraid they would embarrass the family.
Usually, they would be left home, but the ceremony would award Lith's and Tista's war efforts so the kids had insisted on coming. Also, the Royals had been adamant about having all the Verhens as their guests which made it impossible to refuse.
"I hate saying this, but the Queen was right about the need for a Verhen Mansion." Elina sighed. "With the Warp Gate in the barn, I'm always terrified at the idea that hay might get stuck to our clothes or shoes and we don't notice it until it's too late."
"Don't worry, Mom. Even if that happened, you look so gorgeous that people would think the hay is a fashion statement." Lith shrugged.
"Thank you, dear." Elina chuckled at the compliment.
"What about me?" Tista grumbled.
"Complimenting my mother is natural. If I said that to you, I would feel like a creep."
 "Point taken." Tista sighed.
Her dress was the most demure since she had no date either and wanted to avoid attention. Raaz and Trion had it easy, wearing respectively a white tie suit and his high uniform.
Aran hated the frills of his suit, but he sucked it up and tried to mimic Lith's posture and expression. Alas, the harder he tried to look aloof cool, the more comical the effect.
"Mom, Aran is constipated." Leria pointed at his allegedly stern expression. "If you smell something funny, it's his fault."
"I'm not constipated! I'm…" He ran to the vocabulary, looking for his word of the day. "Intense."
"Yeah, right." Leria said with a scoff. "Tell me another."
"Kids, remember what I taught you about Royal Galas!" Rena stepped in before the situation escalated. "You can speak only when…"
"Spoken to." The kids answered in unison.
"You can quarrel…"
"Once we get back home."
"You must keep…"
"Our buttons up and the fancy clothes on. No shapeshifting them into something more comfortable."
"Am I forgetting anything?" Rena asked the rest of the family.
"Yes." Lith stepped in. "No magic without the supervision of a grown-up, even if some stuck-up brat taunts you. Okay?"
"Okay." Aran and Leria sighed, thinking that most of the fun of the evening was already gone.
"Perfect. Now follow my lead." Lith Warped everyone in front of the Gate and used his Supreme Magus ID to connect it with the one in Valeron, right outside the Throne Room.
"Aunt Tyris' cookies!" Aran's jaw fell to the ground as he looked at the lounge where the guests were assembled, waiting for the Royal Guards to check their identities and search them for hidden weapons.
Suddenly, he did feel constipated.
There was more gold around him than in any place Aran had ever been. Salaark's palace was luxurious as well, but during the Verhens' stay, she had kept things to a minimum to put them at ease.
Even the chairs looked so expensive that even a child like him could easily guess they were worth more than his house. The paintings, the walls, and the many pieces of art that furnished the lounge were all masterpieces that made him gawk.
The worst thing, however, was the other guests. They were all well-dressed and shone under the lights due to the many jewels they wore.
The other kids pointed fingers at the country bumpkin who stared at everything like a slack-jawed idiot and sneered. Their parents pretended to scold them while actually commenting on the poor education that Aran must have received.
Leria whimpered, turning white from fear and hiding behind Rena. She suddenly felt dirty and stupid. Her dress was the ugliest in the room and people had every right to make fun of her.
She was on the verge of tears, wishing for Mogar to swallow her up when Lith walked through the Gate. He came in last to put the security measures into place and ensure that no one could open the dimensional fissure from either side.
"What's the matter, princess?" Lith asked while glaring at the nobles in a way that made them turn their heads in a rush.
"I want to go home, Uncle Lith." Leria sniffled. "I'm scared."
"There's nothing to be afraid of. Just look up to your mom and follow her lead." He nodded at Rena who was unfazed by both the opulence of the room and the polite mockery of the guests.
"Lith is right." She nodded. "The first time at the Royal Palace is always scary but as soon as you get over the splendor of this place, you realize it's just a home filled with guests like every other party we have ever attended.
"Also, since none of these people are our friends and only a few of them are decent, you don't have to worry about what they think of us."
Rena's words made the convened nobles clench their mouths and glare at her but since she had used their same kind of polite rudeness, there was nothing they could openly say.
Especially with Verhen so close. Even with his wings and his other bestial features hidden, he looked to have grown even taller and there was a coldness surrounding him that made them shiver.
Both, however, were just illusions projected by the minds of the nobles. They all had watched the videos of Lith conquering Thrud's regions and helping the Queen in taking down the Golden Griffon.
The Blade Magic, the army of Demons, the barrage of deadly bloodline abilities, and the powerful spells he had showcased had left a deep trauma in the hostile noble households.
Every plan they had concocted to get rid of him, either politically or physically, had crumbled. Every hope they had of surpassing him or at least having their heirs match Lith's achievements had faded.
In their eyes, Lith Verhen wasn't a monster because he could shapeshift into a Divine Beast but because he was the son of a humble farmer who had reached in less than a generation a status second only to the King.
Some even said that Verhen's authority was actually higher but he wouldn't be bothered with politics, leaving everything in Meron's hands. Others that after being recognized by Valeron's teammates as the true heir of the First King, Verhen was just biding his time.
"Come here." Lith lifted Aran and Leria, making them sit on either of his shoulders to give them a clear vision of the room from above.