Holding a child older than a toddler was highly unorthodox, but no one dared to question Lith.
"Take it all in now. The Banquet Hall is even more beautiful so you need to get used to this kind of splendor now if you don't want to stumble in excitement while we walk the red carpet." Lith pointed at several paintings. "Those are the acts that our King Meron performed to be worthy of the throne."
Much to the children's disappointment, there were no great battles nor vanquished monsters. As a Prince, Meron had settled with diplomacy centuries old disputes. He had prevented floods by pushing for a bill to temporarily reinforce river banks before the rain season and devising Warden Spells to do it.
He had also kept famines from harvesting thousands of lives by enforcing food rationing and sharing and by developing spells that allowed to grow crops faster without causing irreversible soil exhaustion.
Most of Meron's achievements gave him no honor as a warrior, but had changed the lives of millions and millions of his subjects for the better.
"That's our Queen, Sylpha, and how she defeated Thrud." An animated painting depicted a great battle between the True and the Mad Queen with both Lith and the fighting Headmasters in the background.
Thrud was depicted as bigger and more intimidating than Sylpha in order to highlight Thrud's prowess and make Sylpha's victory even more outstanding. The White Knight had the semblance of a Royal Fortress armor but with Marth's face.
This way, the true nature of the six great academies would remain hidden and the Headmaster would get his fair share of honor. As for Lith, he was depicted in his human form but with his wings out, the seven eyes open, and the horns.
By adding the Supreme Magus in his hybrid form to the Royal Gallery, the Crown had sealed their alliance with Verhen and made public their acceptance of his true nature.
Now, anyone badmouthing Lith for being a Divine Beast and anyone carrying his blood would also insult the Royals.
Lith made his current appearance match that in the painting to impress the children and silence the murmuring crowd.
"That's also your favorite uncle/brother." There was a painting depicting a seven-eyed shadow comprised of purple-black flames that engulfed the cities of Bima, Phogia, and others, turning them into ashes in the final frames.
A warning to the nobles of what might happen were the alliance to be broken.
"Cool!" The kids said in unison, incapable of noticing any of the subtext of each painting, their naïve eyes just perceived everything like an illustrated fairy tale.
"Supreme Magus Verhen, if I may, I need to finish the ID check." A Royal Guard said with an embarrassed tone.
"I apologize for the inconvenience." Lith gave him a small nod and the Guard resumed his scan.
The white and golden robe Lith wore was unique. As the first and so far only Supreme Magus, the robe granted him the same privileges of a Royal Fortress armor, making him immune to most arrays of the palace and granting him the highest level of clearance.
Soon the whole family was cleared for access, only Solus requiring a double-check. She carried a pin made from a single ruby that was shaped like a Phoenix, the mark of an envoy of the Desert's Overlord.
Solus' cover was that of a distant relative of Lith who had studied under Salaark before fate had reunited her with her ancestral family. Also, Leegaain had gifted Solus with a ring that would make her energy signature different from Lith's and hide her nature.
The Griffon-shaped helm hid the horror of the guard as even the third check gave him the same result. According to the magical device, the lovely, petite woman in front of him had been marked as Salaark's blood.
Any injury, offense, or even tripping on a carpet would be interpreted as an act of war toward the Desert.
"You can go, Lady Verhen. Please, enjoy your stay and let us know if there's anything we can do to make it pleasant." He gave her a deep bow before sharing the results of the scan with every guard, soldier, and valet who would take part in the event.
Solus had no idea what was happening and thought the chivalrous gesture was born from passion.
"Thank you, I will." She giggled, blushing a little for being courted so soon since her arrival.
Once Lith put Aran and Leria down, their fear was gone and they couldn't wait to meet the Royals.
"Why are those people getting first in line?" Leria asked. "It's not fair, we got here before them."
"It's Court etiquette." Elina explained. "The most important guests enter last so that when the valet at the door announces them, everyone can look at their faces. This way it's those who were already inside that have to introduce themselves over and over."
"Neat! So those guys are all small fries, right?" Aran pointed at the crowd in front of them, puffing his chest out with pride as if it was somehow his own achievement.
"Right." Lith nodded, making those who had turned around to glare at those rude words turn back just as quickly.
When their turn finally arrived, Aran and Leria walked abreast like their respective parents. This time they found no reason to quarrel, too intimidated by the magnificence of the Banquet Hall.
The room in front of her was more than forty meters (133 feet) long and over thirty meters (100 feet) wide.
It was taller than a three-floor building, with balconies on the upper levels where people not important enough to stand near the Royals would still be able to spectate at the ceremony.
They were the less coveted spot since from there it was impossible to mingle with the other nobles and to take part in palace gossip, but that day even the corridors leading to the opera boxes were crowded, splitting the Royal Court into four levels based on their importance.
 A single red silk carpet with gold embroidered edges stretched from the three meters (10 feet) wide double doors up to the two steps that distanced the floor where nobles stood and the dais for the royal family.
That way, even while sitting on their golden thrones, the rulers of the Kingdom would be able to look down on everyone present, reaffirming their status and authority.
Every corner and box of the Banquet Hall was lit by crystal chandeliers fueled by mana crystals dating back to Valeron himself. The First King had hoped that by sharing their eternal light with his descendants, they would also inherit his vision for the country he had built.
Both the floor and the pillars were realized from gold veined marble, the most precious and robust material available in the Griffon Kingdom. The kids gaped at everything, clenching each other's hands to find to courage to keep walking and remember not to stare.
"Supreme Magus Lith Tiamat Verhen and his wife, Captain Kamila Torchbearer-Verhen. Mage Tista Verhen and Sergeant First Class Trion Verhen. Lord Raaz Verhen and Lady Elina Verhen. Lady Rena Verhen and her husband Senton."