"Congratulations, Rena. Congratulations, Elina." Jadon Lark said. "Dad would have loved to meet Aran and Leria. He always loved magic and seeing such talented youths would have made him monocle pop until he broke."
"Thanks, Count Lark." Aran gave him a deep bow, not understanding why despite the ruler of the Lustria county and a dear friend of the family had complimented him, everyone looked so sad.
"Tell me, Leria." Kelya Lark said. "Is Aran a little imp like your Uncle Lith at his age?"
"Uncle Lith is no imp!" Leria said in outrage. "He's my hero whereas Aran is…" She was about to say something mean when she noticed that everyone was staring at her.
 "Still lacking under many aspects. He's an imp and a short one at that." She used a hand to highlight how even if by a short margin, she was taller.
Aran was about to rebuke when Leria nodded to the side. Aran noticed it and simply gave her a bow. They were fierce rivals, but neither of them would ever allow anyone to badmouth the other but themselves.
"Thank you for what you have done for Zogar, Duke. The ungratefulness of the Crown was driving me insane." Zinya tried to give him a curtsy but Ryssa stopped her.
"Please, Zin, we are all friends here. There's no need for thanks." The blonde Dryad's light green skin was emphasized by her golden dress that fit her soft curves like a glove. "Kami, if anyone bothers you, you call me right away."
"Zin? Kami?" Kamila was flabbergasted by Ryssa's familiarity.
"Call me first, please." Jirni's eyes brimmed with bloodlust. "I have a lot of pent-up stress."
"Do you miss working so much or are the marriage preparations stressful?" Kamila was afraid that Phloria's death still weighed on the Ernas but mentioning her would have only ruined the evening for them.
"No. Just Morok." Jirni snarled while looking at Quylla's fiancé who shrugged.
"I don't fear you anymore, demon. Quylla loves me!" The dumb smile on his face and his child-like joy made Quylla giggle and Jirni's shoulders slouch.
"Ryssa helped me a lot getting adjusted to my new status and when she heard about our monikers, she fell in love with them." Zinya changed the topic, saving Jirni from defeat.
"If it bothers you, just tell me." Ryssa gave Kamila a small nod, embarrassing her even further.
'Gods, she's a good friend of Zin, Marth is a good friend of Zogar and Lith, and our children will probably grow together. I have no way to refuse without coming out as a jerk.' Kamila thought.
"It's no bother at all. I'll be in your care, Ryssa. If half of what Zin told me about the Court is true, I'm going to need it." She actually said.
"It's nice to finally get the opportunity to know you. I'm Marchioness Brinja Distar." The noblewoman in front of Kamila had a waterfall of long blond hair and sky-blue eyes.
Her gala dress was loose, to easily accommodate her swollen belly. She was one of the few guests with her chair left.
"The pleasure is all mine." Kamila shook her hand. "Lith told me a lot about you and your mother."
"Glad to hear it. About our promise…" Brinja turned toward Lith, her eyes going cold.
"I haven't forgotten." Lith's voice became a low growl as he inwardly cursed Orpal's escape during the destruction of the Golden Griffon.
"Excellent." Brinja became all smiles again and looked at Kamila. "I'm due in a few months. What about you?"
"Elysia should be born a couple of months after Lith's birthday."
"You have already picked the name." Brinja sighed in envy. "Well, I hope our kids will be good friends as well. If you ever need a babysitter, Ryssa and I can help you."
"Thank you for your offer, but we are already covered." Kamila chuckled. "Between Grandma, Grandpa, and all of Lith's relatives, I could organize a tourney and put babysitting as the prize."
"When you say Grandma, do you refer to Overlord Salaark or to Elina?" Brinja raised an eyebrow.
"Salaark. Grampa is Leegaain, and the relatives are their descendants." Kamila explained their odd family tree.
"Then I hope I can count on them for keeping my child as well." Brinja said with a huge grin on her face. "True safety is a rare commodity and if our children have even a shred of magical talent, they can use such powerful mentors."
"Me too!" Ryssa said. "Manohar the Second is a handful. I could use a bit of free time."
"Please, call him Dhiral." Marth whined while passing a hand from his hair to his chin. "Whenever I hear his second name it gives me the creeps."
While the Headmaster of the White Griffon told everyone about Manohar the Second's escape attempts from the nursery via his bloodline abilities, making them laugh, Zinya couldn't help but feel excluded.
'I've never seen a crib nor will I ever be blessed with such problems. I have regained my sight and freedom when it was too late. The best I can do is be a good Aunt and be there for Kami.' She clenched her fist but kept smiling to not ruin the moment for the others.
"Thank you for the DoLorean, Lith." Baron Wyalon shook his hand with vigor. "My whole family loves it like a son and it saved my life!"
"Really?" Lith asked.
"Really." Wyalon nodded. "During a campaign in the north, my battalion got overwhelmed by Thrud's Forgotten. Luckily, I followed your advice and kept the DoLorean in my dimensional amulet.
"When we received the retreat order, I took it out, got in as many people as I could, and then ran like the wind. I have my comrades' thank you cards with me."
Wyalon handed Lith several letters each signed by one of the soldiers the Baron had saved and their respective families.
"Glad to be of-" Lith's enhanced hearing caught a few words poisonous enough to cut him short.
"Can you believe it?" A Duchess who Death Vision showed dying with her head crushed by his hand said. "We had to endure that Mad Griffon woman for so long and to get rid of her we now have to suffer a lizard in a suit."
"Sadly, I can." A Marquess set ablaze by Origin Flames sighed. "I mean, I can condone paying the piper and pardoning an oath breaker. The necessary evil and all that. But that woman? Just shameless.
"I mean, another oath breaker so hungry for power that she accepted to lie with that thing and have its offspring. How could the Royals pardon her as well? That's beyond me."
"Maybe they came as a package deal." A Grand Duchess hanging from her own entrails said. "You know, they took in the beast and its chew toy. Maybe it's not such a bad decision."
"How can you say that?" The Duchess said with a disgusted expression on her face.
"Maybe the little mongrel will be tamer and easier to leash than her father." The Grand Duchess shrugged. "After all, even rabid hounds are useful when you can sic them on your enemies."
She burst into a peal of silvery laughter, quickly followed by her peers and as quickly brought to a halt.