"I'm very sorry for the cruel words you had to endure, Baroness Verhen." King Meron cupped Kamila's right hand. "Know that the Crown shares no such thought and that we consider both you and your daughter precious members of this Court.
"No one will be allowed to harass either of you without paying the price. You have my word."
"Thanks, Your Majesty." Kamila gave him a deep bow while bringing his fingers to her forehead.
The Gala resumed and those who had offended Ryssa or Zinya in the past now took care to keep their mouths shut and make themselves invisible. They were afraid that Marth or Vastor, if not both, would call for another Blood Judgment now that the Crown had made its standing on the matter clear.
"Way to go, Kami." Zinya said. "I didn't think you had it in you."
"Me neither." She blushed in embarrassment now that the adrenaline rush was over and she realized the full scope of the commotion she had caused. "I wanted to die in shame when they said those things about me, but when they started to disparage Elysia, I just saw red."
"It must be the Phoenix blood of the little one running through your veins." Ryssa chuckled.
"Or maybe the Dragon blood." Kamila pondered. "Once you see Leegaain angry, you start to wonder if the two species really are so different after all."
The rest of the event went smoothly and soon it came the time for the awards to the war heroes.
Lith and Marth went first since Sylpha had slain Thrud but as the Queen, there was nothing the Crown could offer her. The Palace was already hers and every praise from the Crown to itself would have been distasteful.
"Thank you, Supreme Magus Verhen." King Meron said. "With the Golden Griffon, you have now brought down three lost cities. Not only was your contribution to the war of paramount importance, but also the Kellar region will flourish like never before.
"You have cleansed Arthan's horror and two more abominations born from Forbidden Magic. What makes your feat so impressive is that we inherited those monstrosities from our ancestors and even the First King was helpless against them.
"Alas, you are our Supreme Magus already so there's very little we can offer you in reward. I hereby invest you with the title of Count and the annuities that come from it. I won't assign you lands since I know you have no interest in administrating them.
"If you ever change your mind, you just need to say it and Lustria County will become your starting fief. For your contributions to the war, I also promote you to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel of the army and assign you a share of the spoils we collected from Thrud's fallen soldiers.
"Fifty suits of Adamant armor and weapons will be given to you at the end of the Gala. You are free to do with them what you want, be it gift them or turn them into raw materials for your research."
The last bit dripped envy since Meron knew that Lith would take a trip to the Desert and salvage the mana crystals as well whereas the Origin Flames that the Kingdom had purchased would spare only the enchanted metal.
"Soon your mansion will be complete and when that happens, I expect you to throw a housewarming Gala worthy of the Royal Court."
"Thank you, Your Majesty." Lith almost whimpered in pain at those words.
Just thinking about the expenses for the house staff, the food, and the decorations made his front pocket feel lighter already.
"Headmaster Marth, thank you for your valiant efforts against the Golden Griffon. Without you, neither Supreme Magus Verhen nor the Queen would be here today. I apologize on behalf of the Court for what your family had to endure until today.
"You are a beacon of hope for us. The living proof that humans and plant folk can thrive together. In the future, our survival will be linked to our ability to care more about what we have in common rather than what makes us different.
"Now that the War of the Griffons is over, the Crown will make sure to right all the wrongs that so far we were forced to ignore. Due to your status, however, there's very little with which the Kingdom can reward you as well.
"Are you interested in a noble title and lands?" Meron asked.
"Thank you, Your Majesty, but I have barely any free time as it is. Were I to become a Lord, I would end up neglecting my duties as a Headmaster and a father so I have to refuse."
"So be it." The King nodded. "If there's anything you want, even just more funds for your academy, you just have to ask."
The spectators thought the ceremony to be over, yet the arrays were still in place and no one was allowed to move nor make a peep.
"Mage Tista Verhen, Mage Friya Teleta Aelia Ernas, Professor Zogar Rankar Japtos Vastor, and Mage Solus Verhen, step forward." Queen Sylpha said, making everyone gasp in surprise, including those she had just summoned.
 Friya and Vastor inwardly shuddered at their own second names, especially the Professor. He had worked hard to keep them hidden even from his wife who now only the magical formations were preventing from giggling at his expense.
"Mage Tista Verhen, you have collected several merits by fighting Thrud's hordes in Othre back when the Mad Queen made her first appearance. You helped your brother to destroy the lost city of Kogaluga.
"You have also aided him in recapturing several cities and have been a vital element of the army during the war."
'Oh gods, I can't believe this.' While kneeling, Tista could feel her eyes being misted by tears. 'For the first time in my life, I'm not being referred to as Lith's sister but him as my brother. The King really said that.'
"We are grateful to you for your past contributions yet all of them pale in comparison with your most recent feat. You have defeated and executed the traitorous former Headmaster of the Lightning Griffon, Anela Linnea.
"It's something that this Court failed to do for years and that puts our hearts as ease. Linnea knew the secrets of the academies and their power cores. Were she still alive, the peace we have just earned would have mud foundations.
"Thanks to you, one of the greatest threats to our country has been vanquished. For that, I bestow upon you the title of Great Mage of the Griffon Kingdom." The King said while tapping the flat side of the Saefel Sword on Tista's left shoulder, then the right one, and lastly the top of her head.
Two Royal Guards walked by her side and helped her don a deep green mage robe.
"I also grant you the title of Spellbreaker with all the privileges and annuities that it carries." The Royal Guard on her right pinned over the mage robes a silver pin depicting a Silverwing's Hexagram whose lines connecting the six dots were broken in multiple points.
The King clapped his hands, quickly followed by the Queen and the rest of the guests who gave Tista a standing ovation.