'That oaf Nalrond owes me big time.' Morok thought. 'Thank the gods I have Master Ajatar by my side. Lizards may be perverted, but they sure know their way around women.'
The Tyrant had been in the doghouse for so long and so often that he empathized with Nalrond whom Morok considered a fellow victim of feminine cruelty in need of help.
Morok had asked Ajatar's help in choosing the betrothal gift and how to propose and before the Gala, he had sought the Drake's advice to smooth things over between the Rezar and Friya.
"If only you put this much thought into your training, you would have already reached the violet and discovered your unique bloodline abilities!" Ajatar had earlier complained about his apprentice's odd priorities.
He was right, but this is a story for another day.
"Congratulations, Solus. This will be a huge help during your future travels." Lith was the first to reach and praise her. "You can now move freely in all three Great Countries."
"Like you didn't know it already, jackass." Solus hugged him with all of her strength, sniffling a little. "Thank you. You didn't have to tell them about the Tablets as well. What if people now start to doubt your achievements?"
"Of course I had to tell them." Lith returned the embrace. "You worked as hard as I did and you risked your life on the battlefield with me. You shouldn't thank me, it's me who has to apologize for not disclosing your merits in full.
"As for what people think, I don't give a damn about it. I was sincere when I told you during my ascension ceremony that we are the Supreme Magus, Solus. Never forget that."
Solus's sniffling was about to turn into tears when he handed her his dance card. It was longer than her arm and filled with the names of the most powerful women in the Kingdom.
"Way to ruin this for me, jackass. There was no need to flaunt your-" She was reading it from bottom to top so it had taken her a second to notice that her name was the first in line.
"Ever since the academy, you wanted to dance with me at a Gala. I made sure that this time you don't need any proxy."  
"Thank you." She nuzzled her face against his chest for a moment before rushing to the nearest restroom.
'If I burst into tears while hugging him, there's no telling what rumors people will spread.' She thought.
Once Solus returned, the rest of the family congratulated her.
 "We got our Great Mage robe on the same day!" Tista was on cloud nine.
The Ernas and the Verhens were still celebrating their respective family members when the Queen announced the beginning of the dances and the Royals opened them by going first.
Lith's first partner was Kamila since as his wife, she had no need to sign for the dance card. Then, it was Solus' turn.
She flinched a bit when Lith threaded his fingers into hers and put his other hand on her waist. It wasn't the first time that they danced together, but never while dressed like that or in front of others.
They didn't need a mind link or a single word to move in perfect synch as if they had rehearsed for that moment all their lives. Solus and Lith kept their eyes locked the whole time, needing but a glance and a smile to express how they felt.
Solus glided on the dancefloor with such grace that, due to the gown hiding her feet, she seemed to float, reinforcing the impression that she was a noble from the Desert and Salaark's apprentice.
When the music stopped, her face was red and her heart pounded in her chest, but not out of the effort. Leaving Lith's hand felt painful but she did it without hesitation, knowing that every dream had to end at dawn.
After that, Lith danced with Tista, Elina, and Rena.
That day, the Queen danced with no one but the King, to make sure that he was fine at all times.
Lith was expecting one of the Ernas next, so he was surprised when Quylla let Zinya take her place.
"Shouldn't we do this later?"  Lith pointed at the dance card where her name was after his family and friends.
"Yes, but I didn't want to wait that much." Zinya took position, locking both their hands and eyes. "I didn't want to ruin the moment with your family just to thank you for what you did for mine or I would have asked Elina to trade places with me."
"What do you mean?" Lith asked.
"Thank you, Lith." She replied. "Thank you for pulling Zogar out of the shadows. You have no idea how much this means to him and me. He's a good man, but sometimes I feel like he's drifting away to someplace so cold and dark that I can't reach him.
"Today, you gave me hope that if we work together, we can stop whatever he's trying to pull before is too late."
"You are welcome." Lith didn't know what else to say. "I'll do everything I can."
He knew enough about the Master to be worried about him as well, but unless Vastor opened up to Zinya, there was nothing Lith could say without destroying their relationship.
"It's not enough." Zinya shook her head. "Promise me that if he goes too far, you'll stop Zogar without hurting him."
"Zin, you are blowing this out of proportion. Zogar…" Lith tried to say something to ease her worries but it felt like a lie and Zinya kept staring at him. "I promise."
"Thank you." She nodded. "I have a second favor to ask. This is Kami's first pregnancy and also what may be my only opportunity to truly experience motherhood, even if just second-hand.
"I'm afraid that I might act too clingy and overprotective. I need you to stop me if I go overboard."
"Dammit!" Lith cursed loud enough to be heard by their dance neighbors.
"I'm sorry, I didn't want to bother you. It's just-"
"No, you misunderstood. That was supposed to be my line. Kami is already nagging at me for treating her like she has a terminal disease. I was about to ask you to keep me under control." Lith replied.
"Well, it seems Kami's screwed then." Zinya chuckled.
***
At the end of the Royal Gala, the Verhens returned to Lutia, making a quick stop in the Trawn woods to allow Solus to recharge her human body for the night.
After spending so much time in the Desert with Lith and with the tower feeding off a mana geyser 24/7, she could last for several hours even away from an energy source as long as she wore the Sage Staff around her neck.
Yet she still needed both Lith and a geyser to reset the time she could spend in her human form. Once she was done, they went back home.
"The King himself praised me, Dad!" Aran puffed out his chest, clinging to Raaz's leg.
"I'm proud of you, my son." Raaz said while preparing some warm milk in the hope to calm him down.