The Trolls in the front rows collapsed on the ground and tripped those behind. The light element spread by Mending Field made their hunger grow to the point that they turned against each other, devouring their allies and own kin alike.
"Nice trick, but I've gotten a few of my own." A pillar of fire element bigger than Solus struck her from above, sending her tumbling to the ground.
A Balor was slowly descending from the sky, firing more elemental blasts from both his yellow and red eyes. Eyes that were on the same horizontal line like a human's, something unheard of.
Balors could have up to three elemental eyes and they could appear on any part of their face, but not like that. The Balor's body was a blood-red mass of scales and bulging muscles, with huge membranous wings on his back.
Solus was surprised but otherwise unscathed. Due to her body mass and her Voidwalker armor, the elemental pillar had mostly hurt her pride. Domination had further lessened the impact, making her eyes shine with a red light.
Solus had no visible streaks in her hair, but the creature could perceive through his eyes that the small woman in front of him was draining the elemental energy around them in a similar fashion to the Balor race.
It was actually thanks to the Evil Eyes fused with the Sage Staff hung to her neck, but he couldn't see it under Solus' golden armor.  
"Interesting." The Balor's voice was guttural, akin to the grumble of falling stones, yet his tone was refined and almost polite. "It seems that you and I have much in common. You'll make a fine mother for my children."
The moment he stepped inside the boundaries of the mana geyser, his body started to shrink yet his power grew.
"Fuck me sideways!" Solus said as the Balor's membranous wings burst with elemental energy and a second set came out of his back.
His eyes had split, giving him a red, yellow, blue, and an orange eye while the color of his energy wings followed the same pattern. He had now pale blue skin and short silver hair.
The perfection of his body could only be described as a miracle of nature or the painstaking labor of an artist who had spent his life to achieve perfect harmony between flesh and muscles.
"If that's what you like, it can be arranged." The Balor said with a seductive smile. "Now surrender and no harm will come to you. Ne'sra belongs to the children of Glemos and any resistance will be punished by death."
Solus's eyes turned into fiery slits of mana, but she didn't move until the Fury returned to her hand.
"Glemos? It explains a lot, but where is your Harmonizer?" She asked, noticing that aside from the armor covering his legs the Balor wore no enchanted item.
"You know both our god and his workings. Ours is indeed a fated meeting." The four wings of the Balor flared up, neutralizing solely the spells coming from the mages and the wands of the soldiers.
The troops on the battlements and the mages in the skies gaped in horror as the monster horde no longer impeded by their cover fire quickly approached the city walls.
"Harmonizers are relics of the past. The blessing of our god makes them useless." The collected energy traveled to his eyes where it grew in strength until it could blast the city walls open.
He unleashed them just for Solus to Dominate the four elemental pillars and turn them against the monster horde.
"I met your god and he was an asshole." Solus replied. "If you are waiting for his return, don't hold your breath because he's dead."
 "Blasphemy!" The Balor charged at Solus, the muscles of his arm strung in the perfect form for a perfect fist.
"Whatever." Solus effortlessly blocked the straight with her open palm and squeezed his hand into a pulp. The Balor was still screaming in pain when the Fury came in a downward arc and burst his head open with a single hit.
Death reverted his body to its fallen state, proving that whatever experiment Glemos had performed, it was far from successful.
'It seems that the idiot was right. He needed both life force and world energy to retain his form. We indeed had a lot in common.' Solus unleashed the Furies' Flight, turning her hammer into nine copies that pierced through the incoming army and killed dozens.
She activated the Watchtower to pinpoint Tista's position while conjuring a Warp Steps to rescue her. Solus couldn't leave the mana geyser, but she was far from helpless.
Meanwhile, Dawn was quickly regaining the upper hand. Once she had overcome the surprise effect of the attack, it hadn't taken her much to turn the tides of battle. The Goblins' magic was too weak to keep her still and no one could get close enough to hurt her.
She kept increasing the amount of light and heat in her surroundings, causing the Trolls' Decay cores to implode while everyone else burned.
'Good job, but please hurry. Tista needs our help!' Nyka could still hear her friend screaming.
'I can do that, but it will expose my nature. What about you?' Dawn replied.
'Same.' Nyka telepathically clenched her fists in frustration. 'Unless those mages are blind, they'll discover I'm a Vampire.'
'I don't care about Tista or your cover. The choice is yours.' Dawn's words made Nyka hesitate for a second.
'I'll save her.' The Vampire took control of her body and pushed her blood core to the extreme.
Consuming the accumulated life force gave her mass while the stored mana turned into deadly spells. Nyka advanced like a freight train, either trampling or slamming away those in her path, no matter their numbers.
"I don't know what you are, little bird, but you smell and taste amazing." The Warg couldn't stop licking Tista's blood from her fingers, fighting with the Trolls for every bit of flesh they took
Seeing the frenzied mob clinging to her, biting and pulling at her like a chicken leg, made something inside of Tista break. It wasn't a battle for Ne'sra or to defeat a monster horde anymore, it was a battle for survival.
She stopped screaming only to take a deep breath and once she was done, scorching flames came out along with her voice. Her bloodline ability Ethereal Aegis turned her whole body into a mass of Origin Flames and freed her from the death trap.
"I take my meat raw. Douse her!" With the Balor gone, the Warg was in charge so the Goblins let go of the earth element and channeled water magic.
The Red Demon's blue eye flared up, sucking the rain that was supposed to harm her and turning the flames of Ethereal Aegis into ice crystals.
"What the f-"
Tista screamed in pain and fury, hitting whoever tried to get close to her. Sunder, her enchanted gloves, cut deep into the flesh while the cold wave they carried froze the blood and reached the hearts of the monsters, stopping them.
Even the airwaves generated by claws cutting through the air left layers of frost over the ground and everything they touched.