"Still, you did the right thing contacting me first." Faluel said. "This is a matter for the Council but if we are not cautious, they'll find Glemos' secret lab first and Morok will lose any chance to inherit his bloodline legacy."
"I beg your pardon?" Tista said in confusion, her mind hazy due to shock and fatigue.
"You heard me." The Hydra replied. "After we got rid of Glemos, the Council went to his home and thoroughly searched it. Yet aside from trinkets and high-end furniture, we found no trace of the bloodline legacy of the Tyrants, their artifacts, nor any logs of Glemos' research."
"How come this is the first time we hear about this?" Solus asked.
"Because it's none of your business. Ajatar and I had priority since we exposed Glemos' use of Forbidden Magic and executed him according to the laws of the Council.
"Also, it's not like Morok is a big friend of yours. You never asked about the fate of his legacy for over a year. The only thing you cared about was the Harmonizers."  
"So Morok didn't get anything?" Lith was flabbergasted.
"No, he got the trinkets and the high-end furniture. He's passing them as his own and he's going to use them to decorate his new house." Faluel shook her head.
"What a brilliant move/cheapskate!" Lith and the rest of the room had a different opinion on the matter, making the Hydra chuckle.
"My hypothesis is that Glemos and his ancestors kept their private lab in a different place from their official residence. It would explain why they have never got caught experimenting on monsters and why Glemos abandoned Morok until he Awakened.
"He couldn't afford to make his test subjects meet. Not until Morok choose what side of his hybrid nature to retain and proved to be a successful mutation. Otherwise all Morok had to do to ruin Glemos' plan was to become a human instead of a Tyrant."
Everyone wondered if Glemos had picked Morok's mother at random or if she had been unwittingly bred as well for his experiments. Yet no one voiced those doubts. Glemos was dead and Morok already carried a huge burden.
His mother had abandoned him as a child, considering him a monster, while his father had never considered him more than another specimen. Morok knew that neither of his parents had ever loved him and it was one of the reasons he had never approached his mother after reaching adulthood.
She was already scarred from being deceived by a man who had claimed to love her. There was no need to tell her that her whole life was actually a small step in a millennia-long conspiracy.
"We have to alert the Council and the Kingdom because otherwise, things could escalate beyond saving." The Hydra continued. "Imagine what would happen if a city filled with food and ready for winter like Ne'sra were to be invaded.
"Thousands would die, there would be a third famine, and once all the monsters revert to their unfallen state thanks to the mana geyser, killing them will be much harder.
"Especially if the combined effect of abundant world energy and food further empower their next generations."
"About that, there's something off in your reasoning and the words that the Balor said to me. He claimed that the Harmonizers are a relic of the past while you are worried about the monsters spawning more.
"Didn't you tell us about a year ago that you had Leegaain himself take a look at Glemos' Harmonizer and that Grandpa declared it an utter failure?"
"And I stand by those words." Faluel nodded. "I still have the Harmonizer in a stasis field in the hope to one day find a way to examine it without triggering the self-destruct mechanism.
"No matter what Grandfather says, the Harmonizer would do wonders for my metal and crystal mines."
"And for my t-" Solus nudged Lith with enough strength to crack his ribs and cut him short.
'Fuck me sideways. I'm so used to Nyka knowing even my past as Derek that my brain still refuses to accept the idea that she is now bonded with Dawn and a liability.' He thought while massaging his chest.
"Then what's going on?" Kamila asked, tired of the greed typical of Dragons.
"Mine is just a hypothesis, but it covers all the bases." Faluel snapped out of her dreams of piles of mana crystals and Davross, her eyes focused on her apprentices again.
"As Grandfather said, the Harmonizer is an utter failure, hence it can't help Nalrond, Elysia, or Xenagrosh, but what about their children? Let's say that Friya was a Rezar as well, a hybrid whose two natures collide and that the Harmonizer forces to fuse.
"If she gets pregnant while they both wear a Harmonizer, the life force of the child who is born from them has no idea of the original condition of the life forces of their parents. That means that the life force of the child will form in perfect shape.
"Also, even though it's still imperfect, the life force of a newborn is not only very delicate but also connected and influenced by the life force of the mother. So, if our hypothetical Friya were to stay all the time over the geyser and wear the Harmonizer, it would keep nudging the life force of the baby as it develops."
"By the gods!" Solus said as the picture formed in her mind. "It's like what's happening to Elysia. The Abomination side she has inherited from Lith is tempering her life force while she grows in Kamila's womb."
"Correct." The Hydra nodded.
"Of course, Elysia doesn't belong to a fallen race so her life force is perfect. In our hypothetical case, the baby would be born with a still fallen life force, but better than the one of their parents and used to absorb the surrounding world energy.
"Now, imagine the baby growing up and then having children of their own under a similar condition.
"With each generation, the life force of the Rezars would become closer to perfection and the amount of world energy they would be capable of absorbing would increase until they have no more need for the Harmonizer."
"I understand now." Lith nodded. "The Harmonizer is indeed useless, but only for Leegaain's purposes. Damn the Guardians and their riddles!"
He looked around, but seeing that the others were still confused he quickly added.
 "Yes, you are correct. For Nalrond and his Rezar Friya it would take hundreds, if not thousands of years to reach what you have seen today and we know that Glemos had come close to perfecting the Harmonizer just a year ago.
"But that doesn't take into account the monster's insane spawning and growth rate. As long as they have food, trolls, and goblins reach maturity and breed in the span of days. Which means that in a single year, you can have dozens if not hundreds of generations."
"Great Mother almighty, that's why the Balor was the only one who had gained no new abilities. Balors have a slow spawn rate due to their intelligence and power. The trolls and the goblins, instead, are not only getting closer to their unfallen state.