"Thanks to the mines in Jiera, we'll have access to a steady flow of resources that will be used to craft Tablets and trains here in Garlen. Only once the needs of the Kingdom will be satisfied will we use the local mines to further our expansion. Any objections?" The King asked.
Those in the room unanimously shook their heads.
"Any more questions before I adjourn this session?" This time Headmaster Marth raised his hand and Morn nodded for him to speak.
"Just one, Your Majesty. I think I speak for all of my esteemed colleagues when I say that despite the excellent work that Magus Verhen did in writing the Void Magic textbooks, we have failed to grasp its basics."
Duke Marth conjured a sphere of light, the element he had used countless times and for countless hours in his profession as a Healer. As he squinted his eyes in focus, a black dot appeared on the sphere.
Then another and more until it looked like a dalmatian. At that point, light and darkness started to clash and the spell faded away.
"This is the best I can do after training and reading for days in what is supposed to be tier zero magic. Magus Verhen, have you thought about our request for you to give lessons about Void Magic?
"I strongly believe that if Archmages can't understand it, neither will simple students."
"Really?" Sylpha knitted her brows in surprise. "I studied it for much less before achieving much more right after visiting Magus Verhen in the Desert."
She conjured a sphere of light as well, but hers turned into darkness and back, the elements effortlessly ebbing and flowing into each other. Her performance, however, only achieved to humiliate her loyal subjects, Orion included.
He had trained harder than anyone in the hope that Void Magic would help him to Awaken, yet he fared no better than Marth.
"Dear, don't forget that you have outstanding talent." Meron pointed at the colored streaks in her hair. "Also, on the day of our visit, we received a private lesson from Magus Verhen and he gave us a practical demonstration."
"I guess you are right." Sylpha nodded, inwardly admitting that she still needed Domination to perform the most difficult steps of Void Magic. "Magus Verhen, your help would be much appreciated."
"Until yesterday, I would have answered that yes, I thought about it, but my answer is no." The room groaned at those words but Lith raised his palm out to let him continue. "Sadly, after only one day my wife already made it clear that my presence in her workplace is cumbersome to her.
"I'll be glad to give her a bit of respite and hold classes for the students of the fourth year of the academies. The Headmasters, the Royal Forgemasters and whoever is interested can attend in person or just follow the lesson via their amulets."
"The fourth year?" Archmage Tilmann, the Headmaster of the Earth Griffon, asked. "Shouldn't you start with first year students? It's tier zero we are talking about."
"People who attend the first year have no knowledge of magic and need to learn it from the very foundations." Lith shook his head. "Void Magic has already proven to be difficult for Archmages with decades of experience handling the elements.
"Sharing it with beginners would only destroy their self-confidence and further reduce the number of graduates. Fourth years, instead, not only have three years of magical practice, but they also take courses like Theory of Combat Magic and Dimensional Magic.
"During those lessons, the students learn how to put first magic into practice like never before and how to multi cast the elements while keeping them in harmony. The same principles that make it possible to combine two different elements and create a tier four spell can also be applied to Void Magic.
"You may consider it simple, but Void Magic is no different from Dimensional Magic, Necromancy, or Light Mastery. They are all branches of magic of their own and even though the theory behind Dimensional Magic is well-known and established, not everyone can use it.
"That's why I want to teach a non-mandatory class like Dimensional Magic. Yet since it's my first attempt I'd like my discipline to not affect the students' grades in any way in case of failure.
please visit 
"I know firsthand how stressful the specialization courses are. The last thing those kids need is even more pressure."
"Granted." The King said and the Headmasters nodded. "I assume you are going to choose the White Griffon as your main campus."
"And you are right, Your Majesty." Lith nodded and the Headmasters groaned. Only Marth gloated. "It's my alma mater and I have lots of friends there."
"Headmaster Marth, reserve two front seats for the King and me." Sylpha's words made the smug grin on the Headmaster's face turn into a smile from ear to ear.
"It will be my honor." He stood up, giving them a deep bow.
 "Anything else?" The King asked but aside from low grumbling the room remained silent. "Session adjourned. Everyone is dismissed. Have a nice day."
Once the Royals left the room, Marth thanked Lith, patting his back and offering hospitality in the Professor quarters of the White Griffon for him and his family for how long they wanted.
"Do you really think is appropriate for you to hold Void Magic lessons only at the White Griffon?" Archmage Distar, the Headmaster of the Black Griffon and Brinja's husband, played his best cards
"I thought our families were close friends. Brinja will be saddened by your choice."
"You are right." Lith nodded, checking his pocket watch and realizing it was already lunchtime. "Tell her that even though I still have a beef with the Lightning Griffon, I can hold a few lessons there.
"It will bring prestige to her Marquisate and give people the illusion that I'm not resentful."
"I was talking about *my* academy!"
"We'll see about that. I barely remember your name, Antz." Lith shrugged.
"My name is Ainz." The Headmaster's voice dripped scorn.
"Close enough, bye." Lith walked away, asking the Great Mage who acted as his valet to make a short detour before bringing him back to the Constable Headquarters.
During his absence, Kamila had never stopped working, taking breaks only to use the restroom or make a tea that she sipped alone in-between case files.
'I don't know what is worse. If the fact that without Lith feeding me I got so hungry that I could eat one of my colleagues or that without him or Jirni no one talks to me.' She looked around the room, envying the other Constables that found relief from their hard work in each other's company.
Those with easier cases offered to help those who were slower or were in a pinch. When they were overwhelmed, they would go to the break room and have a chat while preparing themselves a snack.
Even though her desk was one meter apart from her colleagues' she felt like she was adrift in the ocean. Every attempt to make small talk was met with monosyllables and whenever she entered the break room everyone was in a rush to go back to their job.