Zeneka Region, city of Zalma, a couple of weeks later.
Solus, Nyka, and Tista had gone back traveling as soon as Tista had completely recovered from the physical trauma of losing her feathers and come to terms with the psychological trauma of rejecting the violet core.
 Her aura was now half bright blue and half deep violet, stuck in the middle of the breakthrough simply because she didn't know what to do.
The three women had visited several cities where the presence of a healer was needed and had done their best to provide assistance to the regions that had yet to recover from the many scars left by the War of the Griffons.
Yet no matter how many people they treated, the moment someone recognized Solus or Tista, the local authorities would politely but firmly invite them to leave before their presence caused a riot, ruining all of their hard work.
The people of Thrud's former territories hated Solus' guts for aiding Lith in laying waste to their homes. They were also terrified by Tista, considering her human appearance a farce and her powers a threat to their lives.
The Kingdom's cities treated them better, but the final result was the same. Their citizens considered Tista and Solus heroes, but they were afraid that the presence of their esteemed guests would stir more trouble than their help was worth.
One of their enemies might come looking for them or the families of their victims might come from the neighboring cities seeking revenge. Peace was still just a word and the former borders of the civil war were as definite as easy to cross.
People preferred to be rude than risking to spark a new conflict.
"Maybe Lith was right." Solus said after being banished one time too many.
She had spent days working to relieve them from hunger and illness, also helping to make damaged houses inhabitable again. Yet the "thank you" she had received for her effort was a dignified kick in the butt.
"Maybe these people don't deserve our help nor our compassion. They are just a bunch of ungrateful bastards. The citizens of the entire Kingdom should just thank us and keep their mouths shut instead of blaming us for their problems.
"Those who stood on Thrud's side have condoned her countless atrocities yet they treat us as criminals just because we fought on their same terms and we won.
"As for the people on the Royals' side, they are even worse. Lith and I saved their asses countless times. If not for us, the nobles would have been replaced by Skinwalkers and the poor would have fed Thrud's war machine.
"Heck, the King himself thanked me for my service yet here we are, forced to move from one city to another like fugitives on the run!"
"I agree with you but I think that your starting point is wrong." Tista countered pointedly. "You shouldn't help these people to receive their thanks or recognition, but only because you think it's the right thing to do.
"Don't do it for them because they don't deserve it. Do it for yourself."
"The right thing to do would be to kick their asses into oblivion." Solus snorted in annoyance as they picked their next destination. "The reason I decided to visit the war zones was that I wanted to witness the consequences of my actions and make amends for them to the best of my abilities.
"I never introduced myself upon my arrival exactly because I didn't want parades or causing a fuss. Yet this is too much. Those I fought for kick me out. Those who I'm trying to save despite the fact that they were my enemies until yesterday kick me out as well.
"They prefer to die to their ailments rather than take a good look at themselves in the mirror and recognize their double standards. I now understand why Guardians and white-cored Awakened don't mess with people anymore.
please visit 
"There's no pleasing them unless you become their doormat. I know when I'm not wanted and I'm not going to waste any more time convincing others to let me do what's best for them.
"They pissed me off so much that my conscience is now clean. I owe them nothing. If they want to die on their terms, who am I to disagree? No more savior business girls. Let's turn this into a vacation."
"Finally!" Nyka clapped her hands. "I mean, if you are sure that's what you want, I'm 100%with you. From where do we want to start?"
"First, we go back home to Lutia. I want to visit Mom and the rest of the family and give them the souvenirs we- I bought for them." Solus still had problems referring to herself as an individual instead of a part of the bond with Lith.
"Then we can visit the east part of the Kingdom. They didn't experience the war aside from the food rationing and everything they know comes from the footage uploaded on the interlink.
"Even if they recognize us, I doubt they'll give us any problem. Thrud's former borders are too far to pose a threat to them."
The other two women nodded and they crossed the Warp Steps leading to the Verhen mansion. Solus needed but a thought to Warp the stone ring over the mana geyser in the main keep and start regaining their strength.
Even from a distance, they could hear someone yelling at the top of their lungs and hear bits of what seemed a quarrel.
"Your family is under attack! Let's move." Nyka tried to bolt forward but Tista stopped her.
"Don't be ridiculous. This house is full of defensive arrays and my brother is the silent type. He never yells when he fights. Listen." Tista could recognize Lith's voice and a really pissed-off feminine voice.
"Kami is home." Solus nodded. "If anything bad was happening, you would have a Guardian on a rampage if not three."
"How many times do I have to tell you? I'm pregnant, not on my deathbed!" They followed the angry voices to the kitchen, walking through the door just in time to see Kamila and Lith tug the two extremities of a steel bucket filled with over 50 kg (111 pounds) of cow meat.
She was trying to bring it to a big cauldron while he was attempting to take it off her hands.  
"And how many times do I have to tell you that you don't have to exert yourself? I can do the cooking. Just sit back and relax." Lith replied.
"This is my day off, you oaf! The only thing that's preventing me from relaxing is your constant nagging." Kamila snarled. "I just want to prepare a homemade meal for you and the baby.
"If I don't practice with the seasoning and cooking time necessary for big servings, I'll never learn. Elysia is the first of her kind and there's no telling when her life forces will merge.
"I want to be able to take care of my daughter without having to rely on you and to prepare a meal for my bull-headed husband without having to order food from a restaurant.
"With my current strength and magical power, it would be easy as cake if you stopped badgering me!"