To the bored nobles, Phloria's death was the proper ending for a tragic hero turned traitor. They didn't care about the truth, preferring to believe the rumors that made the story of her life more scandalous and exciting.
After a few days of that, Solus was sick of the Kingdom, and the group left for the Gorgon Empire. The Verhens had received the Empress' invitation and it was Nyka's adoptive motherland so the customs weren't a problem.
Away from the borders of the Empire, the War of the Griffons was a story no one cared about. The only things that had reverberated past the borders were Lith becoming the Supreme Magus and the opportunity that the war had created for an invasion.
"Don't you think that the Empress is making a mistake not attacking now that the Kingdom's strength is at its lowest?" People would often debate even in the middle of the street.
"The Royal's military force and the Mage Association are exhausted and until the harvest, they lack the food provisions necessary to endure another conflict."
"Are you insane?" The others would argue. "What you call 'exhausted' means 'battle-hardened' to me. Every time that our troops tried to exploit the War of the Griffons to invade the Kingdom, we got destroyed.
"Sure, now Thrud and her Generals are no more, but the soldiers and mages who went through the war fought and won against the same monsters against whom we were helpless. What does make you think we'd fare any better?
"On top of that, the Royals already have allied themselves with the Emperor Beasts and the plant folk whereas we are still negotiating with them. If we attack, they would never help us.
"Last, but not least, do you really want to risk Verhen leading a counter-invasion? I've seen those videos, and the last thing I want is to have our city stormed and our food stolen.
"Going to war means that thousands of our men would die and my son is among them! He has just concluded his training as a Spellsoldier."
"And my daughter has just graduated from the White Emperor academy!" Another person said. "If we start a war, she might die before making a single copper coin. I don't give a damn about a bit of land if we have to pay for it with blood.
"My daughter has made countless sacrifices to become a mage and I want her to live a long and boring life in the service of the Empress, not to die a hero!"
The Gorgon Empire proved to be even quieter than the east side of the Griffon Kingdom for a tourist but after learning her lesson, Solus still moved often to avoid getting recognized.
They toured the flying fortresses of the Empire and experienced its magical wonders. Unlike the Kingdom, even middle-sized cities had a Warp Gate and an internal Gate network that allowed the residents to instantly move throughout a city like in Belius.
Dimensional amulets were much cheaper and available in any store. Due to the Empire's lack of farmlands, the past Magic Emperors had made sure that not a single grain of rice or wheat went to waste.
Dimensional amulets allowed to preserve food indefinitely and kept it safe from vermin, mold, and humidity. Also, even commoners' houses had an indoor bathroom linked to a sewer system whose sewage was collected and purified by magical facilities.
The water would be recycled while the wastes would be condensed and used as fertilizer. The running water allowed the citizens of the Empire to keep themselves clean and healthy, limiting their need for a Healer.
Away from fame and awkward questions, Solus finally found the courage to get out on her own during the evening and experience life as a young single woman. She would often be approached but things would never go past a few drinks and a chat.
"Seriously?" Nyka asked one night when they were dining at the Dragon Fire, one of the most renewed restaurants of the capital of the Empire. "Not even a goodnight kiss?"
"To what end?" Solus shrugged in reply. "I barely knew him and I have no intention to settle here."
"I get that, but I thought that the purpose of this trip was detaching yourself from Lith." The Vampire looked at her in confusion.
"My point exactly, I never said that I wanted to get laid or find myself a boyfriend. I just wanted to understand who I am and what I want." Solus nodded.
"I'm sorry, but you lost me as well." Tista said.
"I'm not like you, Tista." Solus sighed. "I have no Bodya in my life and no way to get one. I can't possibly tell anyone about my complicated relationship with Lith, my nature as a cursed object, or even talk about my past.
"What does it leave me with?"
"One-night stands?" Nyka asked, obtaining a nod in reply.
"Indeed, but I already learned that's not what I want. While dating Aerth, he told me about my life as-" Nyka nudged Solus, cutting her short and buying herself the time to seal Dawn's crystal inside her body.
"Okay, now you can talk." The Vampire tapped her chest and Tista Hushed them.
"He told me about my life as Elphyn and during the past few weeks, I've regained a few memories about my old self. As Elphyn, I've already walked the road of shallow relationships with no true bond and the ending was always sad.
"I don't want to repeat those mistakes. I want to have someone who truly knows me and loves me for it. I don't want to spend time with someone while keeping everything but my face a secret and every word I say is a lie." Solus lowered her gaze in sadness.
Whenever she met someone, she had to stick to the script that Lith had prepared for the Royal Court, forcing her to play a role and keep her distance. After a while, guilt turned even a casual conversation into torture.
 "Even if someone were to fall in love with me instead of with my powers, they would love nothing but a mask." In the Empire, there were no nobles and a Household would keep its authority only as long as it had a Mage.
Solus couldn't show a glimpse of her talent without being swarmed by gold diggers.
"A mask that would crumble the moment they get too close and that's not a risk that I can afford. It took Lith years to test the waters with Kami and open up to her. Years that I don't have since I can stay away from him for barely more than one day at a time.
"Even if I could, my nature as a mage tower is an insurmountable obstacle. I can't explain my relationship with Lith without exposing its existence and I can't risk that after a break-up a moron ruins our lives in revenge."
"So what are you going to do now?" Tista asked.
"The only thing I can and want to do. Go back home." Solus said with a warm smile.
"Are you sure?" Nyka furrowed her brows.
"Yes, I'm sure." Solus nodded.