'I guess that I need to have a word with Senton.' Raaz knew of their problems, but wasn't aware of how bad the situation was. 'Back when Lith was little. I walked a mile in Senton's shoes and then some.
'The difference between us is that I was too happy for the help that Lith gave to the family to care about my fatherly pride whereas Senton feels eclipsed by his own daughter.'
Lith closed the conversation with Solus and then the breakfast continued in an Awkward silence until he was forced to leave for the White Griffon.
 "How long will the lesson take?" Kamila was both happy and scared at the idea of spending a bit of time on her own.
Lith's constant care was a bit annoying but it also kept anyone from trying and hazing her. From the academy, there was no way to leave the Golems or the Demons with her.
"The whole morning minimum." He replied. "You can join me at the White Griffon for lunch or I'll come to you as soon as I'm done in case you have no time for a proper meal. Do you want something in particular?"
"Gods, yes." Kamila had fond memories of the time spent at the White Griffon during Zinya's post-operation recovery.
It had marked her sister's first step toward freedom and the food was simply delicious. Kamila gave him a grocery list of all the dishes she wanted and the number of servings for each.
"We can always save them for later." She blushed in embarrassment when Lith moved to the second page of her notebook and she was still talking. "After all, food doesn't go bad in a dimensional amulet."
"That or we can throw a party." Lith scoffed. "Eating for two is a tough job, but judging from this list we are having triplets."
"Don't joke about that! What if you jinxed it?" Kamila brought his hand to her womb in fear.
"Don't worry. Still one. I check on Elysia multiple times every day, remember?" He gave her a warm smile but he still performed a deep scan, just to be safe.
"It's kind of hard to forget." She sighed in relief after he took his hand away and his smile was still extending to his eyes. "Let's hope my colleagues are as polite as they look even without you."
"Only one way to find out." Lith shrugged, strapping a hiltless War at her hip. "Take care of them for me, okay?"
"Daughter!" The angry blade wailed in reply.
"Is it safe?" Kamila knew what happened to whoever tried to wield the blade.
"The guard and the scabbard can be touched freely." Lith nodded. "I ordered War to keep the grip hidden so there's no risk of you grabbing it by instinct. Right, buddy?"
Lith caressed the blood latches that followed his hand in an affectionate gesture.
After bidding his wife goodbye, Lith crossed the Warp Gate of the mansion, reaching the Headmaster's office of the White Griffon in a single step.
"You are a bit early, but it's better this way." Duke Marth stood up to welcome him and they shook hands. "Do you mind giving me a quick check-up? Ryssa keeps nagging at me because she says that I look unwell."
"Sure." Lith had to agree with the Dryad.
Marth looked tired and had dark bags under his eyes. He also had a feverish look, often biting his lips and swallowing for no apparent reason. Yet Invigoration confirmed to Lith that his friend was as fit as a fiddle.
He scanned even his clothes in search of cursed objects since he couldn't underestimate their resourcefulness, finding nothing but the Headmaster's ring and the tools that Duke carried on him at all times.
"The good news is that you are fine even after an Awakened level check-up. The bad news is that you don't look fine. At all." Lith said.
"Thanks for not sugar-coating it." Marth sighed, sitting back on his chair. "The worst thing is that I know the source of my affliction but I have no way to deal with it."
"Meaning?" Lith asked in confusion.
Duke Marth was one of the beast Healers of the Kingdom and one of the leading figures in the Light Department. On paper, there was nothing that he couldn't treat.
"What you see are just the side effects from fusing with the White Griffon to fight Hystar. It was supposed to get better with time but it's only getting worse." Marth showed Lith his hands which trembled from time to time.
"Are you telling me that Valeron the First created a cursed artifact? That the academy is trying to affect your mind as we speak?" Lith was flabbergasted.
"No. Quite the contrary." Marth sighed in exasperation, holding his head between his hands. "Valeron did too good a job and held his successors in too high esteem. The academy is an incredible tool that has no will of its own and grants its user nigh-omnipotence.
"I'm the root of my problems. My mind and body are not strong enough. I got intoxicated from the power of the White Griffon and now I'm suffering from withdrawal symptoms."
"Intoxicated? Duke, you are making no sense. I'm starting to worry about you." Lith said.
"As you should." Marth nodded. "For the duration of that terrifying battle, I could activate the countless enchantments and arrays of the White Griffon with a single thought.
"My body had become so strong that I could kill a Divine Beast with a casual swing of my sword. On top of that, my mind was filled not only with the mana of the most powerful Professors and students in the history of the White Griffon, but also with a part of their minds!
"While I fought Hystar, I had Manohar's genius, Rudd's dimensional awareness, Vastor's battle experience, and your unyielding rage, Lith. I would actually need hours to list all the great minds that merged with mine, but you get what I mean.
"While I was one with them, I had countless ideas and revelations about the true nature of magic. I shared more than their power, Lith, for a brief time, I had their talent as well. Once we defeated Thrud, I took a mental note of several groundbreaking experiments.
"Yet once I got disconnected from the White Griffon, everything was lost. I remember only bits and pieces of what I had planned. Everything that until that moment was so clear in front of my eyes that I could almost touch it, became an incomprehensible blurred mess."
Marth grasped the air in front of him with his right hand like a man stumbling in the dark, his face twisted with sadness and frustration.
"Ever since that day, I feel weak, Lith. I feel stupid. I feel… empty. Can you even imagine it?"
"Actually, I can." Lith nodded. "It's what I feel every time that the damage in my life force keeps me from using magic for days, sealing even the simplest of tricks and bloodline abilities.
"The difference is that at least I know that my powers are still there so I only have to bear with that feeling for a while.