Gorgon Empire, Flying Fortress of Nestamaath, Capitol of the Empire.
In the days following Windfell's threat, Solus had saved most of her energy and avoided using magic whenever possible.
Now that she kept her ring form most of the time and with the vigorous flow of world energy from the control towers surrounding Nestamaath, her energy expenditure was minimal.
While waiting for the city to fly over a mana geyser, she had Tista carry the stone ring while she visited the city. This way, she would still enjoy her life as a tourist and watch Tista's back at all times.
She still assumed her human form during the meals. Eating was the only pleasure that she wouldn't give up.
During that time, Solus would ask Dawn for advice about how to put a healthy distance between her and Lith while the Horseman listened to Solus' past mistakes and planned to use that knowledge to bridge the lack of trust between her and Zepho.
The two women started from opposite directions but aimed for the same goal: a healthy relationship with their other half.
"I don't get it." Tista asked. "Why don't we just call Lith and make him come here?"
"Because if Windfell and his accomplices are watching us, they might lure him into a trap as well." Dawn replied from Nyka's mouth. "Remember that they don't care about which one between Verhen and Solus they kill.
"They are both equally in danger. As long as they are split, their powers are weakened and if Verhen gets surrounded by multiple cursed objects, not even a Divine Beast can survive.
"The best course of action is to call my mother when we are near the geyser and have her pick us up. No one will be able to touch us once we are under her protection. Once we reunite Lith and Solus, however, it will be their problem."
'More like no problem at all.' Solus said to Tista via a mind link hidden by physical contact. 'Even if the cursed artifacts have accomplices in the Gate Network, we can tower Warp without leaving a trail.
'Predicting our moves will be possible only when we decide so. Lith is already working with Faluel and the others to stage a trap of our own.'
'Good gods. It took you weeks to start saying "I" and one call to go back to "we".' Tista replied, making Solus blush in embarrassment.
"By the way, Lith's first lesson about Void Magic was an astounding success." Solus said from her ring, eager to change the topic. "The Headmasters of all the six great academies have offered him the position of tenure Professor.
"Even the Royals asked him to hold private lessons for them and their magically talented children."
"Like Princess Peonia?" Tista asked in surprise. "Whatever Lith answered, he's in trouble."
"Yeah. Kami shot down the request with the grace of a fireball." Solus chuckled. "Man, I wish I could have been there with Lith. Teaching has always been a dream of mine ever since we worked as assistant Professor after graduating."
"Any chance I can get a few of those private lessons myself?" Nyka asked. "As long as I'm bonded with Dawn, I have no lack of light element. Yet once we split I could use Void Magic to make up for the flaw of my blood core."
"Indeed." Dawn nodded with enthusiasm, her white light shining behind the Vampire's eyes.
"I'm a bit behind in my studies since I haven't practiced magic ever since we started our trip, but it shouldn't take me much to catch up with Lith. After that, we'd be glad to give Nyka and only Nyka a few lessons." Solus said.
"Hey!" Tista snorted, feeling left out.
"By my M- the gods, Tista. It goes without saying that we'll teach you as well."
"Are you so eager to get rid of me?" Dawn sounded mildly displeased. "I helped you twice already and if I learn Void Magic, Night won't be a problem the next time we meet."
"Depends." Tista shrugged for Solus. "Are you going to teach us Light Mastery? It would be a fair trade."
"Fair my crystal ass!" Dawn said in outrage. "I polished my craft for centuries whereas you guys are still building the foundations of your own.
I would be teaching you unparalleled spells while also helping you to develop tier four and five Void Magic.
"That's a rip-off deal, Solus. You are a stingy cutthroat no less than Verhen!"
 "Only when someone has tried to kill me and then has set her crazy sister after my host and family!" Solus snarled, taking the Horseman's words like a compliment.
"Fair enough, but at least I didn't tell Night about you or about how you defeated me on our first encounter. Otherwise things would have gone much worse both times she attacked you in Lutia." Dawn crossed her arms in annoyance.
"So you want me to thank you for not ruining my life? That's basic decency since it's you who tried to kill us to further your plans. We acted in self-defense. No offense, but I can see there's madness running in your family.
"I'm getting worried for Malyshka." Solus had no body, but the Horseman could almost see a middle finger right in front of her nose.
"Let me call Mother. We are close to the mana geyser." Knowing she couldn't win, Dawn opted for a hasty retreat.
'By the way, Tista, you've spent a lot of time with Bodya. Did it help you to make up your mind about your violet core or at least your relationship with him?' Solus could feel how tense her friend was.
'Actually, it scared me even more.' Tista inwardly sighed. 'After learning what he went through after choosing his Nidhogg side, I don't want to give up on being human. On the other hand, being a Red Demon has become a part of me.
'After training so much to control my extra eyes, my wings, the Cursed Flames, and Domination, losing them would be akin to losing an arm and a leg.' Her feathered wings popped out of her back and Tista started caressing them.
After all the pain and fear she had suffered from their mutilation, the sight of her restored wings gave her joy. Her soft feathers were precious to her not just because they were a means to tap into her powers but also because they were now part of her identity.
The thought of losing them made her want to cry.
'Well, it's a good thing that you don't have to choose.' Solus replied. 'Just take your time. The only downside to your situation is that your core will be stuck at the bright blue until you make up your mind.'
'No, Solus. I don't have time. At least not much.' Tista inwardly sighted. 'Ever since I refused the breakthrough, my life forces are at odds. They are all pushing to move forward and I need to actively suppress them.
'The problem is that they are not only trying to merge, but also to split. I believe that my fear and indecision are creating a wall between my life forces that in time will become just as strong as that of a regular hybrid.'