'When that happens, I believe that I'll be forced to choose between human, Dragon, and Phoenix. If I become whatever lay beyond the Red Demon, I'll lose my humanity, but if I don't, I'll lose everything else. It's a nightmare situation.'
'I'm sorry.' Solus didn't know what else to say.
'Don't be. This is all on me. Also, I've decided that from now on I'll take Bodya with me at social events and screw the consequences. If I can't stand the idea of being seen with him, then I'll never be capable of accepting my other sides.
'If I choose to be a human, it must be because I love it, not because it's a cage from which I'm afraid to get out.' Tista replied.
"What are you guys talking about?" Nyka asked after the silence prolonged for so long that it was obvious from Tista's changing expressions that she and Solus were having a telepathic conversation.
"Nothing much." Solus shrugged. "We were just complaining that this vacation is already over and that once we get back home, there's a lot to do."
She and Tista trusted Nyka, but as long as Dawn was with them, they couldn't afford to reveal any weakness that might be used against them in the future.
"First, I want to spend lots of time with Mom and Kami. Then, there will be Quylla's marriage in a while. We also have to deal with Glemos' legacy as soon as Faluel finds a lead. Last, but not least, we have yet to plan a trip to the Fringe." Solus said.
"Don't you mean *a* Fringe?" Nyka asked.
"That would require knowing the position of more than one." Solus replied. "We only know the location of the Fringe where Nalrond's village was. The same where Dawn was imprisoned."
Nyka was about to ask to come along, hoping to learn something new about how to overcome her limits as an undead, when she suddenly realized how foolish the thought was.
'If Nalrond sees Dawn, he's bound to try and kill me. Also, whatever they learn there, Dawn would know as well. Solus and Lith will never allow me to come with them.'
Nyka's bond with the Horseman freed her from the flaws in her blood core and allowed her to experience life like a living being, yet it also created a divide between her and her friends.
Solus couldn't talk about her tower, Lith about his past, and everyone kept walking on eggshells around the Vampire, afraid to reveal something that might bite them in the ass in the future.
'Being able to withstand sunlight is great but it's not worth the price. I can now stay awake the whole day but my bond with Dawn makes me a half-person whose other half nobody trusts.' She thought.
"Why do you need the Fringe?" Nyka actually asked.
"Well, Nalrond needs to fuse his life forces and I could use some advice as well." Tista sighed. "Who knows, maybe visiting a Fringe and the werepeople who live there will help me make up my mind."
"Also, I'm pretty sure that Lith will meet another bottleneck for the bright violet." Solus said.
His struggle for the violet was public knowledge and once he reached the new bottleneck, there would be no hiding it.
"When we took part in the When All Are One array, his life force rejected the temporary boost. I believe that until Lith finds a way further merge his life forces, he will be incapable of reaching the apex of Awakening.
"Gods, we have yet to start working again and I already feel so tired that I need another vacation." Solus chuckled.
"If that's true, then why are you smiling?" Nyka asked.
"I beg your pardon?"
"Solus, I know you ever since you were just a ring. That's your smiling voice. Also, you chuckled instead of groaning or sighing." Nyka replied.
'Solus said she was a stone when Verhen found her yet Nyka just said that she was a ring when they met. What the fuck is she?' Dawn knew how cursed objects worked because she was one and because she had met a lot of them.
Yet the more she learned about Solus the more confused she was.
"I guess that I've reached the acceptance stage." Solus shrugged. "I've fantasized about Mogar for years, wondering how it would feel being free to travel around and be my own person.
"This trip allowed me to discover that even though I love visiting new places, I love my home even more. In the end, all the cities we visited are no different from my past relationships. Something to distract me from my real problems.
"I want to go back to the people I love and who need me. They give me purpose and a real reason to live so I don't mind working hard if I do it for them and with them. My only gripe is that I failed to put any distance between Lith and me.
"Between the need I have to constantly recharge my mana core and the years we have spent together, our bond is so strong that I can't escape from it. Until the tower and my life force aren't fully repaired, I'll always be half a person."
"Isn't it bad?" Nyka couldn't help but draw a comparison with her own situation.
"It's not ideal, but it's far from bad." Solus shook her head. "I love and trust Lith. I have a loving family and the job of my dreams. It's more than most people I know can say about themselves."
'I see.' Nyka nodded in understanding. 'The difference between us is that Lith enriches her life and is someone she's proud of whereas despite all of her power Dawn makes me a pariah and I'm ashamed of her.'
"Enough with the chit-chat. We have almost reached our destination." Tista checked on the maps Nestamaath's current flight path and position, measuring the distance to the nearest mana geyser that Dawn was aware of. "It's time to move."
 They left the hotel, paying the bill at the last second to buy time in case Windfell had an informant among the staff. The internal Gate Network brought them to the battlements of the city where many tourists had assembled to look at the breathtaking scenery.
A nearby mana geyser usually meant flourishing life and their target was no different. Nestamaath was flying over a lush forest surrounding a majestic lake. Several boats were sailing its surface to fish and make a few coins on the side by bringing tourists along.
It was past midday, and the light of the sun reflected on the lake, giving the impression that the forest which surrounded it had a magical aura of its own.
'I would love to stop and check if the place is awakened like the forest surrounding the White Griffon, but sadly there's no time for that.' Solus inwardly sighed while Tista showed their permits to the sentinels.
Leaving Nestamaath by flight was impossible even for Awakened. They could use Spirit Magic to bypass the air sealing arrays, but the moment the control towers tagged them as hostiles, they would be shot down.
Anyone who wanted to leave the city in one piece needed a permit and the authorization from the guards.