Fueled by mana geyser and boosted by the tower, his golems Raptor and Trouble also joined the fray.
"Leave her alone!" Lith roared, emerging from the ground like a shadow who refused to back down in front of the sunlight and threatened to swallow everything.
He could feel through their bond Solus' pain and he conjured an avalanche of Demons in the hope to draw the enemy's attention long enough to rescue his other half.
At the same time, however, his arrival changed nothing.
"I have no idea how you've gotten here from the Kingdom, but I'm not going to look the gifted horse in the mouth." Knightfall said with a laughter. "Either we capture you and discover the secret of your strength, or we kill you and get our reward.
"It's a win-win situation for us."
The dimensional rift on the shield closed shut and so did all the spatial distortions that the living legacy had opened around Solus, but not before linking them to each other with no logic or care for the consequences.
Multiple points in space now overlapped, stretching reality in-between them thinner until the whole structure collapses. Nature abhorred the void so the air around Solus became filled with cracks as air and matter moved in chaotic streams in the attempt to fill the cracks.
"No!" Lith flapped his wings with all the strength he could muster, pushing the tide of Demons of the Darkness forward.
'I must reach Solus before the destabilized dimensional fissures cause a massive explosion yet I doubt that those fuckers are going to sit back while I do it. Half of you stop the guy with the scythe while the other half come with me to rescue Solus.
'Whoever gets to her first must bring her to the tower. Everything else is of secondary importance.' The Demons received the telepathic command along with several strategies and contingency plans.
"How the heck did you kill three of our strongest siblings with this pathetic strength?" Stargazer didn't seem to notice the black tide, charging right into it.
The six Evil Eyes opened again, emitting elemental pillars that cut through the Demons' lines like a hot knife through butter. The body of her host slashed left and right with the scythe in wide arcs while also weaving tier five spells non-stop with body casting.
The Demons tried to swarm the cursed object but the Davross blade cut dozens of shadows asunder with a single slash.
The combined power of the Evil Eyes and of the Yggdrasill wood disrupted the connection between the souls and their conjured bodies, dispersing the darkness element they contained.
Even Valia, one of the Demons who would always be summoned with her original body in the form of a Demon of the Fallen, was taken out in a single blow. She had met the man carrying the scythe head-on, planning to block the blade long enough for her soldiers to swarm the host and overwhelm him with sheer numbers.
The Demons who resided inside Lith's Void Sigils were the only ones who had customized equipment always at the ready which was supposed to give them an edge. Unlike the souls that Lith conjured on the spot, they were calm and collected.
Valia and the others even trained against each other during their free time, practicing both sword and magic in the hope to learn Blade Magic and develop their own spells.
Yet none of that mattered.
Valia managed to intercept the arc of the scythe, yet the purified and enchanted Adamant of her spear opposed a flimsy resistance against the Davross of Stargazer's blade.
Her sacrifice barely slowed the wide arc of the scythe that cut through the haft of her weapon first, then her arms, and lastly all the Demons that she was supposed to protect.
Valia was so shocked by the swiftness of her defeat that her six eyes were still wide open when her form faded.
Direct contact allowed the black Evil Eye to absorb part of the darkness element the Demons were comprised of, distort with Domination their bond with Lith, and deal explosive damage thanks to the powerful enchantments of the blade.
The Demons charged the cursed scythe in droves and died in droves. Stargazer had activated Spirit World again, using the hexaelemental array to conjure tier five Spirit Spell for a fraction of the mana they usually required.
Having learned her lesson, this time she didn't keep the array active for long.
Stargazer would conjure a single wide area of effect spell, turn Spirit World off, check that no one capable of stopping her was around, and then turn the array on again for the duration of another spell.
Regular Demons only had two or three eyes. Even with the tower in place, Lith needed time to use Invigoration and fill them with power. A time he didn't and that he wouldn't have unless he found a weakness in his enemies.
The Demons fell faster than he could empower them and even though he could raise them back, it would take more energy and they would always start from scratch.
The space collapsed before Lith could reach Solus, the countless dimensional rifts formed a pillar of fire that seemed to reach both the ground and the sky.
 The explosion engulfed Solus from every side, but Lith ordered the Demons who had managed to slip past the enemies to shield her with their bodies. The Demons of the Darkness piled onto each other, forming a living black corridor that led Solus outside the collapsed space.
Still too far from his other half and with dimensional magic sealed, Lith could only cross his fingers and hope that the Demons would take Solus to safety before it was too late.
'I get that cursed objects are supposed to be powerful but this is too much. How come that old ass artifacts are this strong?' He thought while shrinking his size to that of a human and launching himself at Stargazer.
The only way he had to prevent the living legacies from taking Solus hostage was to keep them focused on himself. Their hosts had better mana cores and body refinement but as a Tiamat Lith weighed dozens of tons, giving him the advantage in melee combat.
"Not so fast, kid!" Knightfall put himself between War and its target while conjuring the water and earth aspects of the world energy through the Davross of his body.
Lith had the mass of a Divine Beast and War was already wrapped inside Double Edge, making it much heavier than it looked. Yet the circular shield easily took the impact, using its curved surface to deflect the angry blade.
The earth aspect made up for part of the weight gap while the water aspect enhanced Knightfall's Eraser enchantment, turning both of Lith's blades off for a split second.
Without their enchantments, they were just pieces of sharp metal that rolled off the shield without dealing any damage but taking quite a lot. A dent appeared on Double Edge at the point of impact which in turn twisted War's metal.
The moment the blade slipped off the shield, War's Counterflow ability negated the Eraser but the damage was still there.