2460  Creation and Destruction (Part 2) 
 Yet nothing happened as the creature focused on its breathing technique to recover from its many wounds. 
 Windfell cursed under his breath and conjured a wind blade ahead of him that further hastened his movements and protected him from the following shockwaves. The moment he came close, Solus' golden arms came up and then down like a whip. 
 The Fury was still in Solus' right hand. Yet it was so small that it was invisible through the balled fist of the giant. That changed in the blink of an eye as the link between the Lith/Solus and the tower allowed the artifact to assess the issue caused by its master's metamorphosis and correct it. 
 The Fury swelled, feeding off the tower's mass until it reached the proper size. The hammer seemed made of grey stone but it struck harder than Adamant. 
 Windfell was expecting something like that and his affinity with air magic allowed him to read the air currents. 
 That along with Full Guard had allowed him in the past to ride the sheer pressure caused by the movement of a Divine Beast and add their momentum to his own strikes, feeding off the enemy's might. 
 This time, however, the wind ignored his commands and no matter how fast he moved or how suddenly he changed direction, the hammer found him as if he had stood still. 
 'The fuck?' He thought as he realized that the enemy's weapon moved so quickly that it had been set ablaze by the friction with the air. 'That's why the wind was all wrong! How can such a short arc-' 
 Windfell raised his blade to deflect the stone with the Davross, but the gap in strength was too big. The metal bent and then cracked as the supersonic boom generated by the attack ripped the skin off his host's face. 
 The motion didn't stop until the cursed scimitar crashed against the ground. The host's legs shattered first, then the ribcage exploded, and lastly the Awakened's head was squashed with a crunch between the rock and Windfell's Davross. 
 Knightfall had tried to Spirit Warp the cursed scimitar away, but a glimpse from the titan's emerald eye had made it useless. 
 "We need to get to him before a second strike-" A rumble of thunder cut Stargazer short as the colossus unleashed the Tower Tier Void Spell, Mjolnir. 
 Bolts of lightning erupted from the ground and rained from the sky while a cloud of thick metal dust appeared out of thin air. The temperature also dropped so much that it turned the ferromagnetic powder into a superconductor. 
 The humidity in the air condensed into thick droplets of hail that the electric current electrolyzed into oxygen and hydrogen, causing a massive explosion. 
 Void Magic turned what remained of the water magic into fire and took control of the detonation, further amplifying its effect. 
 Despite the distance separating the two cursed objects from the fight, they needed to conjure their Spirit Barriers to avoid being incinerated as well. 
 "Let me go, dammit! My brother needs my help." Tista was still struggling to get free from the Horseman's hold when the heat wave hit them. 
 She and Dawn were even further away yet they still needed to conjure an air shield to keep the explosion from blasting them out of the sky. 
 "No, he doesn't." Dawn kept flying, putting even more distance between her and the fusion. "He is one with Solus now." 
 "What the heck are you talking about? They are both severely wounded and they are facing three living legacies alone!" Tista tried to sound outraged but there was something in the air that sent a shiver down her scales. 
 "I know. Just three of them." Dawn's voice was full of compassion. "I pity those bastards." 
 "What do you mean?" The Red Demon asked. 
 "Have you ever seen something like that?" Dawn said and Tista shook her head in reply. "Me neither, but I've fought the Solith once in the past." 
 "The what?" 
 "That thing." The Horseman pointed at the being born from the fusion. "Whatever you call the form Verhen and Solus assume when they become one." 
 "I never bothered giving it a name." Tista said in frustration. "Now tell me why he… they don't need our help. They have one foot in the grave already." 
 "It was the same against me." Dawn replied. "Your brother was weak, tired, and battered whereas I could go on all night. Then, they fused. And you know why I got scared shitless? 
 "Not because they ripped my limbs away like I was a doll nor when he shot white flames at me. What terrified me was the fact that as we fought, they kept getting stronger." 
 "What do you mean?" 
 "I mean that my energy reserves were slowly consumed to cast my spells and regenerate my body whereas each blow they dealt was stronger than the previous. Now shut up and let me enjoy the show. 
 "Let's witness together the might that a perfect bond between a Horseman and her host can achieve." 
 Tista had a hard time believing Dawn's words but she couldn't argue with reality. The colossus was still panting like a bellows and their wounds were still bleeding but the aura surrounding them was getting stronger. 
 "There's no stopping that hammer and it's not strong enough to kill Windfell." Stargazer pointed at the cursed blade whose Davross was already fixed and whose host was being pieced together. 
 "Let's fly behind that thing and cut its head off. Can you use dimensional magic?" 
 "As long as I don't try to open the exit point too far away from me, I can. It's the first time that I meet another cursed object with dimensional abilities." Knightfall replied. 
 "That's not a problem since I have to get close as well. My spells are powerful but my blade is much mightier. If Verhen focuses on one of us, the other must bring him down." Stargazer said, receiving a nod for a reply. 
 The two living legacies bolted in opposite directions, to go around the titan without drawing its attention. The moment they moved, however, the colossus raised their head so that four eyes could follow the glaive and the other four the shield. 
 Both maws snarled at the sight of Windfell recovering, the anger of the creature for their own weakness raising. They turned around, walking toward the geyser while also raising the still-bleeding stumps of Lith's arms. 
 'No matter the spell he conjures, from this distance we can easily dodge it even without dimensional magic.' Stargazer thought and she would have been right if not for the fact that Life Vision couldn't perceive a single spell being kept at the ready. 
 A black mist emerged from the stumps, expanding in every direction with the speed of a rising tide. At first, neither cursed object understood what was happening. Then, as they moved to avoid the colossus' gaze and the mist, they noticed it. 
 The incoming blackness was starred with the white of the eyes of the Demons and streaked with the silver of their equipment. The mist was alive, comprised of countless bodies so packed together that it was impossible to tell where one Demon ended and another began.