The three-pronged attack was bound to create an opening that at least one of the living legacies would manage to exploit and win the battle. Unless the hybrid pulled off something new, of course.
Much to their surprise, the colossus moved as if they had eyes behind their head. They unleashed the Tower Tier spell, Nova Eclipse, on Knightfall while the right hand wielding War struck at Stargazer and the left hand holding the Fury attacked Windfell.
The angry blade looked like a short sword in the colossus' hand. Double Edge encasing was already encasing War, but the size of the hybrid far exceeded those of a Divine Beast.
The Eyes of Menadion looked at both Double Edge and the shield, assessing the usefulness of the latter artifact against creatures so small.
Lith and Solus lacked proper training and blocking with the shield would impede the Fury's movements. The tower answered by dispelling the artifact and using its materials to craft a better version of Double Edge of a suitable size.
Nova Eclipse was the tower version of the tier five War Mage spell, Final Eclipse, and it was comprised of the fire, darkness, and air elements. The black flames were fanned by a powerful air current that turned them into a cyclone.
The fast-spinning flames created a vacuum, sucking the cursed shield in.
Knightfall tried to dodge, but in his weakened state he couldn't escape the pull of a tower spell that reached the prowess of a natural phenomenon. Also, he had lived and fought long enough to know how to beat it.
Knightfall pretended to struggle with all his might and then fall prey to the vortex. Knowing that he had no chance of victory, he let the current suck and guide him toward the eye of the storm.
The spell was bound to be devised to keep its victims away from its only safe spot, but Knightfall was a dimensional mage, and even in such a maelstrom he managed to grasp the dimensional coordinates of his destination and Blink there under the cover of the flames.
'I've taken minimal damage and while Windfell and Stargazer fight for their lives, I can catch my breath.' The host of the cursed shield grinned in stead of its master while gulping down nutrients' potions.
'The best part is that Verhen's spell itself protects me from his Life Vision. By the time he discovers what really happened, I'll have recovered enough to defeat him or escape based on how-' His train of thought suddenly froze along with his body.
Nova Eclipse had turned into its Void version, Nova Prison.
Darkness had turned into a hard-light construct while air had assembled the debris scattered around by the battle into solid stone. Fire had turned into water that seeped through the other two elements, drenching the enemy before turning into ice.
Light and earth magic combined their strength to seal both Knightfall's movements and his body casting. The hard light filled even the tiniest gap between the rocks, preventing air to get in or out.
Nova Prison acted as a sealed vise that slowly crushed its victim while the sudden temperature drop made everything brittle. The Davross of the cursed shield was unfazed by the spell, yet Knightfall started to panic and desperately looked for a way out.
Pressure, cold, and asphyxia were minor inconveniences for him but not for his host. In the Emperor Beast's exhausted state, it was just a matter of seconds before Nova Prison killed him and without him, the cursed shield would have no chance of victory.
At the same time, his allies were simultaneously attacking the colossus from opposite sides, forcing them to turn their body so that even when their weapons managed to hit there was barely any strength behind the attack.
The hybrid's every move generated a gust of wind so powerful that it would have blasted any lesser opponent away, but the living legacies had the experience of millennia by their side.
They anticipated the air currents, riding them to dodge the incoming attacks and further accelerate their movement speed. The hybrid's attacks were quick and surgical, following the enemies' every maneuver as if the weapons had a homing system, but it wasn't enough.
The cursed objects used fire spells to strike at the incoming limb and exploited the resulting blast to escape. Whenever the hybrid focused too much on one of them the other managed to counterattack, opening long yet shallow wounds in the massive limbs of the creature.
It was only meant as a distraction to allow their partner to escape and to put the edge of their blades to the test. Such cuts were but scratches to someone 35 meters (115') tall whereas they had to go for the kill and quickly.
The nine eyes of the creature moved from one opponent to another, trying and failing to counter their joint attacks. Sealing dimensional magic, using a Tower Tier Void spell, and engaging in a battle of wits with two cunning opponents at the same time was too much even for the combined mental focus of Lith and Solus.
The two cursed blades were slowly but inexorably getting closer to the titan's neck despite their best efforts and no protection at their disposal would hold against two masterfully crafted Davross weapons.
Since struggling was useless, the hybrid raised their upper set of arms and conjured what was left of the Origin Demons. The runes that comprised their bodies were quickly rewritten and their black cores turned into the focal point of a dimensional spell.
The living mass of violet flames turned black as the Tower Tier  Gravity Spell, Sham Black Hole, took form. Half of the Origin Demons acted as a dimensional array that sealed the area of effect of the gravity spell while the other half formed Sham Black Hole.
 In their fused form, Lith and Solus weighed dozens of tons and they were grounded thanks to the tower below them whereas their much lighter airborne opponents failed to escape the sudden pull.
The hybrid's mouths curled up in a savage grin of joy at the realization of their newfound prowess. Gravity magic was something that Solus could dabble in thanks to her talent while it was beyond Lith's comprehension.
They both lacked the dimensional awareness necessary to comprehend the many factors involved in a powerful gravity spell and how to alter them in order to not fall victim to their own incantation.
Now, however, they had not only two minds at the same time but also access to the Watchtower. It allowed them to extend their mystical senses for kilometers and keep everything under control down to the smallest detail.
The Watchtower granted them perfect dimensional awareness, bringing their talent to the same level as Friya. The tower's floor worked akin to the spell Ernas Full Guard, but with a much greater range.
If not for the Watchtower, Lith and Solus would have failed to follow the complex maneuvers of the cursed objects and distinguish their real target from the feints.
Air, dust, and cursed objects were sucked in by the hypergravity that pressed them together, forcing the Davross to collapse on itself.