'This is actually great!' Windfell prepared a layer of air blades to defend against the pressure of the hybrid's strides and formed a mind link with his allies to not waste time discussing their strategy. 'There's still three of us and only one of them.
'Their flimsy equipment offers them no protection against the Davross of our blades and those guys are as green as grass. Over the millennia, we have fought countless battles against the greatest masters whereas Verhen is barely twenty years old.
'Even if his living legacy was as old and expert as us, something that I find hard to believe due to her weak ass core and the fact that we've never heard of her, he can't deal with three masters at the same-'
His pep talk was cut short when the hybrid dodged their lunges, abruptly stopping right in the middle of the living legacies.
The mystical barrier that Windfell and the others had prepared protected them from the sonic boom, but it could do nothing against the sudden caving in of the ground. The creature had imbued their feet with earth magic so that along with the foothold, they also robbed their enemies of their sight.
The dust cloud and the debris were filled with enough mana to blind Life Vision and make the teamwork of the three cursed objects useless.
'Verhen's not here!' Windfell telepathically shared his senses and coordinates to not be confused with the enemy.
'He's not here either.' Stargazer followed his lead and activated the Evil Eyes on her staff to pick up fluctuations in the surrounding world energy.
Her Elemental Reader ability would reveal both the position of the creature and what kinds of spells they were conjuring.
'Gods, help!' Only shrieks of pain came from Knightfall's mind link.
Lith and Solus were blinded as well but thanks to the Watchtower they had other means to locate their enemies. Right after the formation of the crater under their feet had scattered the living legacies, the hybrid had struck at the shield with a two-handed overhead slash.
Feeling War's edge made Knightfall sigh in relief since aside from its weight the angry blade posed no threat. The cursed shield had already bent Double Edge and expected things to go no different the second time.
The relief didn't last long.
The violence of the impact created a dent in the Davross and the blade was now more than a match for the outdated enchantments. War's edge dug little inside the enemy's body but enough to activate its Counterflow ability.
Fueled by the tower and enhanced by the Davross of the new Double Edge, the combined might of the artifacts managed to short-circuit Knightfall's defensive spells.
It lasted for a fraction of a second, just the time for a two-handed blow from the Fury to land.
Enveloped in black flames conjured by its elemental crystals, the hammer struck at the cursed shield, the impact reverberating into the arm wielding Knightfall and then into the internal organs of his host.
The shield caved, the arm broke, and the shockwaves ravaged the still-healing Emperor Beast. Knightfall had to split his energy between himself and his host because if it died, the cursed shield's capabilities would be crippled.
The living legacies had activated Full Guard right after being blinded in order to locate their allies, but the spell couldn't tell them who was who. There was indeed a figure bashing another but no way to tell if the hybrid was still attacking or if Knightfall had turned the tables.
'Fuck this!' The cursed shield was too busy surviving to explain to his allies what was happening and Windfell couldn't risk waiting any longer.
Assuming that the creature had the upper hand, the cursed scimitar bolted forward while unleashing several tier five spells. Perceiving the incoming threat via Full Guard, Knightfall Blinked away and so did the hybrid.
Windfell sensed someone appearing behind his back and executed a flurry of masterful attacks that blasted away the enemy's guard and deeply cut into their flesh.
'What are you doing, you idiot? It's me!' Knightfall had hoped to buy some time to heal and repair but he was now in worse condition than before.
The realization hit Windfell at the same time as a diagonal slash from War that cut his host asunder. Reattaching the severed halves was a matter of seconds but it still put the cursed scimitar on its back foot.
 With the lower body separated from the upper, Windfell couldn't use footwork nor put any weight behind the parries. Davross clashed with Davross, creating sparks at each impact that burned his flesh and shockwaves that broke Windfell's bones.
Assuming there was no way that anyone could best her ally in swordsmanship, Stargazer aimed her spell and was about to release it when doubt made her hesitate.
'I can feel three people there and only two are fighting. How come that Knightfall is doing nothing?' She conjured a gust of wind that cleared the area and revealed the truth.
Knightfall was bent and broken while his host had been shredded into pieces. Windfell was in much better condition but his host was wounded faster than any spell could heal him.
Without a healthy body wielding him, Windfell was incapable of deflecting the blade of a much stronger and heavier opponent. For the gap in battle experience to overshadow that in raw power, Windfell needed his arms and legs but they were both broken.
Stargazer adjusted her aim and released her tier five spell, Frozen Storm. Dragons were weak to cold and the fusion between Verhen and his living legacy still resembled a Dragon.
A wave of the creature's golden hand activated the blue and yellow eyes and the feathers on their fourth set of wings. Frozen Storm exploded right in front of the flabbergasted cursed glaive, encasing her into a cage of electrified ice.
'This is impossible!' She thought. 'Even if that thing has Domination, tier five spells are always imbued with willpower and the Evil Eyes on my body further boost my mastery over the elements.
'I've killed many Hydras in the past and they were masters in their craft. How can one- Good gods! That was my mistake. There's two of them whereas my host can't help me because I turned him into a mindless drone!'
The shock of the realization was followed by a Furies' Flight that shattered the ice cage and those it imprisoned.
'Stop using spells, you idiots! You are playing straight into Verhen's hands.' Windfell's telepathic grunt reached his regenerating allies. 'He split and blinded us to disrupt our teamwork.
'We must attack him in turns to buy the time to heal our hosts and overwhelm him with the Davross of our blades.'
Knightfall inwardly nodded and used Spirit Magic to move the battered body of the Emperor Beast wielding him like a puppet. The Davross shield conjured a Spirit Barrier before putting himself between Windfell and a crushing blow.
The cursed scimitar took a step back, focusing on mending his wounds and sucking as much world energy from the mana geyser as it could. The hybrid quickly disposed of Knightfall and moved past him, but Stargazer blocked his advance.