The Primordial Flames had already incinerated Knightfall's host and only the tissues that he hid inside his metal body for safekeeping remained, but the cursed shield was too panicked to notice until it was too late.
With his host gone and the power generated by sacrificing their bond negligible, the Davross started to vaporize and the mana crystals sustaining the cursed shield's life cracked.
"No. No! NO!" Knightfall screamed for help in countless dead languages as holding together the enchantments that gave him sentience became harder by the second.
Windfell charged with every ounce of strength he had left but the hybrid's eyes following him didn't quiver nor the black hand wielding the White War hesitated.
The Eyes of Menadion telegraphed to Lith the trajectory of the attack and he exploited that knowledge to intercept the scimitar only once his host had committed his full weight under the blow.
The two Davross blades met as equals yet the strength behind them was anything but. The dozens of tons of the hybrid hit with such strength that Windfell cracked, the wrist of his broke like a twig, and his kneecaps shattered.
Lith wasn't done and exploited the temporary paralysis to kick his helpless opponent in the chest, sending him to join Knightfall in the maelstrom of cleansing fire.
"Die!" Lith drew a deep breath, ready to conjure more Primordial Flames when Solus pulled at his conscience.
Afraid that the conflagration of her two allies would also put an end to her life, Stargazer was pouring every last drop of mana of her two cores into her tier five Spirit Spell, Seed of Destruction.
The air and water element united to conjure a frost wave that attacked the hybrid from above while earth and fire turned the ground into magma.
Bolts of lightning coursed from one water drop to the other, forming an inescapable electric cage while the hybrid's feet started to sink into the lava and burn, making it impossible for them to run away.
The darkness element filled the air with a noxious miasma, ready to seep into the body of its victim the moment a wound was open while the light element mixed with the Spirit element to form emerald constructs that attacked the hybrid from every side.
At the same time, five elemental pillars departed from the Evil Eyes on the haft of the glaive, each aimed at the hybrid from a different angle.
The creature grunted at the intrusion, but they kept breathing in.
War moved from the black gloved hand to the golden one below, letting the Hands of Menadion free to combine their power with the Mouth where Lith's and Solus' best spells were stored.
Unbeknownst to them, the Ears played their part as well, but they failed to recognize them and attributed the effect to their hybrid form.
The magic circle of Silverwing's Annihilation appeared in front of the gloved hands and was instantly lit by seven elemental stars arranged like the Big Dipper. Each one of them produced a pillar of a different element that blasted through Seed of Destruction after neutralizing its effects.
Stargazer used the Evil Eyes to counter at least five pillars with her own but they were overpowered without putting a dent in the Annihilation. The anti-Guardian spell struck Stargazer who barely had the time to conjure the Spirit Barriers of his equipment.
Once again, it was a futile effort. The barriers failed on contact, the Annihilation ripping through mana, flesh, wood, and metal on the atomic level. Even with her body seemingly intact the cursed glaive could feel it falling apart.
Her enchantments were like notes on a chalkboard that someone kept erasing and she had to constantly rewrite them before she forgot one detail and they were lost forever.
She screamed in pain and fear, sacrificing her host for a sudden burst of power. When the Annihilation was over, Stargazer was unscathed and filled to the brim with mana. Consuming the life force of the Emperor Beast had allowed her to mend her own and restore her power core.
At the same time, however, her fighting prowess was now halved and with the hybrid's dimensional seal in place, she needed Spirit Magic to move around.
Windfell exploited Lith's and Solus' distraction to get out of the vortex of Primordial Flames unimpeded. His host was burned to a crisp and his enchantments strained, but he could still fight.
"Cease the attack before it's too late and you have my word that we won't bother you again. We have learned our lesson. We can't defeat you and you can't kill us." Windfell said, putting the scimitar back into the scabbard.
 "Says who?" Lith's mouth said before hurling his Origin Flames, quickly followed by Solus.
"Stop!" The face of Windfell's host was twisted in rage.
Those were the first words the hybrid had spoken and they were of defiance.
"You can't kill Knightfall. From this distance, the blast alone will rip you to shreds. Why do you think not even white cores dare to destroy us? Stargazer and I will survive, but what about you? Is it worth losing your life just to kill another of your brethren?"
"The only thing I hate more than enemies who tell me what I can or cannot do are those who dare call themselves my brethren!"
Lith and Solus roared, their voices overlapping as they spoke in unison.
"You are not my brethren, they are!" Now that they had the time and the strength to reform their Demons, they had the Origin Demons and the Demons of the Darkness surround the Primordial Flames.
When Knightfall's elemental crystals broke, his power core was damaged beyond repair as well. All the energy stored in every line of runes he had been enchanted with, drew upon the crystals before they faded and then channeled everything through the Davross.
Even in his molten form, the amplification abilities of the metal were unaffected. The energy from the power core and the mana crystals built up in a perfect storm that was focused and amplified by the Davross to the point that it pushed the Primordial Flames back.
'It's over.' Had Stargazer still a mouth, she would have sighed in relief. 'The Destroyer has reaped another brother, but Knightfall will be his last victim.'
She and Windfell tried to Warp away, but to no avail. Cursing the hybrid for the umpteenth time, the cursed scimitar dashed to the glaive and picked it up.
'A host can bond only with one living legacy at a time but with our combined powers you should survive.' Windfell said via their mind link. 'I won't let that monster kill another of us.'
'Thanks.'
The energy mass from Knightfall's death kept building up, the dimensional energies collapsing and expanding non-stop like a beating heart. Then, it condensed into a minuscule dot, imploding on itself before exploding forward.
"Now!" The hybrid unleashed a third blast of Primordial Flames from their maws while the Demons hurled Origin Flames in unison.
The two different kinds of mystical fire stacked with one another, generating the Tiamat's bloodline ability, Thousand Flames. The white and the bright violet flames bore the same energy signature so they synergized to perfection.