2475 Words and Actions (Part 1)
Do we tell Kami everything about the fusion? I mean everything. Solus asked.
It feels like shooting ourselves in the foot and ruining the good news: Lith replied. "Look, we did nothing wrong and the last time we fused nothing happened. No one knows for certain if it's even a possibility so telling Kamila would just make things uncomfortable for her:
"So what do we do?"
"Have a glass of wine every dinner. If after a week Grandma has yet to pop out of thin air to stop you, we are in the clear:
"And if she does?"
"We are dead. Lith's somber tone made it clear that he wasn't joking,
Solus swallowed loudly, looking at Salaark for a while before asking her to bring the rest of the Verhens to the Desert.
As predicted, Lith's family was terrified hearing the recount of the battle and overjoyed when they were made aware of the unexpected side effects of the fusion on his life force.
"Where's Kami?" Her absence half made Lith sigh in relief and half ruined the moment for him.
"She says she's sorry but since you are alright, she can't drop everything and come here: Salaark grumbled. "It's still daytime in the Kingdom and she's working in the field on a delicate case
Tm so happy for you, dear: Elina hugged Lith as hard as she could, kissing his cheek over and over. "Welcome back home, Solus
Elina checked Solus' hands, arms, and shoulders for injuries before moving to her face for signs of malnutrition.
"Mom, I'm fine! I had breakfast just a while ago."
"Shut up and hug me? Elina enveloped her in a tender embrace, glad that the danger was over.
Raaz, Rena, and the rest of the family checked Lith and welcomed Solus back in turns, yet aside from the kids, everyone gave Nyka the cold shoulder.
Baba Yaga arrived shortly after the Verhens, escorted by several members of the nest who held her and spearpoint.
"This isn't necessary. She's my honored guest. The guards answered Salaark's order by giving her the salute and turning around without a word of apology for the Red Mother,
"Since you are here and the sun is down in the Desert, Lady Yaga, I have a request." Nyka said. "I would like you to undo my bond with Dawn for good, please."
"Are you sure?" The Mother rose an eyebrow in confusion. "We have spent quite a bit of time together after you offered to become my daughter's host and I know how happy your new condition makes you.
"It's not just about the power and learning from my experiments when you help me as my assistant, it's mostly because of everything you can experience by breaking free from the shackles of the defects in your blood core.
"Staying awake during the day, eating food, dreaming, and everything else you've enjoyed so far will be gone. Is this really what you want?"
"I admit that as long as we remained in the Eclipsed Lands, being bonded with Dawn has been a wonderful experience that has enriched my life like I never thought possible." Nyka stared at her toes, sighing.
pαndα,noνɐ1,сoМ "Her wisdom and knowledge are a gift and so is every waking moment I was able to spend under the daylight. Yet my joy was possible only thanks to the forgiving nature of the undead who live there and upbringing my naive
"Once we got out, I was constantly reminded of your daughter's past. Of her crimes and how they have affected the people that are the closest to me. In the outside world, surrounded by strangers belonging to a different race, I had to argue with her over and over because Dawn doesn't see them as equals.
"During my travels on the surface, I understood that being Dawn's host comes with a heavy price. Even though her brilliant mind enriches my life and your spell allows me a certain degree of privacy, her presence ruins my relationships.
"Dawn hurt a lot of people I know and I have to constantly protect their secrets from her. Even worse, Lith, Solus, and everyone who has met your daughter in the past now keeps me at arm's length because they are afraid of how their confidences might be used against them in the future.
"Being a Horseman makes me more than a Vampire but less of a person. It's time to put things back as they used to be.
"I agree. Dawn's voice came out of Nyka's mouth, creeping everyone out and showing Baba Yaga what the Vampire meant.
The Verhens took instinctively a step back and went from treating Nyka like a member of the family to a snake in the grass.
"I have learned many things as well during out time together and being with Nyka gave me the opportunity to look at Mogar with new eyes. Yet a suitable host for me needs to be more than good-natured.
"They must be capable of embracing my existence as a whole and learn from what they assume are my past mistakes, not hold them against me. Nyka enjoys my powers and knowledge but refuses to accept the means through which I acquired them.
"She lifted the veil of cynicism with which my centuries of imprisonment had blinded me but she also showed me how dangerous it is to have a reluctant host. Our quarrels crippled my battle strength and the lack of trust between us is unacceptable.
"This is nothing like what I had with Zepho. We aren't two people trying to make each other better, we are just roommates forced by necessity into cohabitation."
"If this is about Elphyn's secret, isn't that out of the bag now?" Baba Yaga asked. "What did you say?" Lith tried to stand up again and Salaark kept him down again.
Tm sorry, guys" Nyka's shoulders slouched in embarrassment. "Dawn recognized the Hands of Menadion and from there she figured out Solus' nature as a tower."
"And?" The Overlord's voice was stone-cold.
She had no qualms smithing even an honored guest were they a threat to her family. "And nothing." Dawn shrugged. "I now know what you kept from me and why but I have no interest in Menadion's tower. Even if something were to happen to Lith, a cursed object can't bond with another.
"The tower is beyond my reach and luckily, beyond my sister's as well. I have no intention of harming Verhen and Solus unless they attack me first. Also, you have my word that I will respect my mother's wishes and keep their secret, no matter the circumstances."
Tll take it." Salaark nodded and Baba Yaga moved toward the Vampire.
The Mother's hand phased through Nyka's chest, emitting a subtle light from her Creation Magic. When it came out, it carried a pristine white crystal of incredible perfection.
I don't like this one bit: Lith glared at Dawn's real body while calculating his odds of destroying her. I can't trust Dawn with Solus' secret, but what can I do about it? Grandma accepted Dawn's vow and any attack against her would mean betraying the rules of hospitality.
Even if Grandma doesn't stop me, Baba Yaga will.