2477 Words and Actions (Part 3)
"Care to elaborate? I have to explain this to the King, the Headmasters of the six great academies, and the Archmages of the Kingdom"
Lith could almost hear the "you better have an excellent explanation" in the background, but that didn't ruin his calm demeanor nor his best charming smile.
"Of course. As you know, during Balkor's anniversary my life force suffered from permanent damage, just like it recently happened to King Meron." The mentions of his wounds and of her husband's condition softened the Queen's expression.
"I've been searching for a cure for years and when I left the White Griffon, I had just been notified of the discovery of a priceless ingredient that I had to secure at all costs.
"I thought it was a family emergency. Something about your mother's pregnancy Sylpha furrowed her brows in confusion.
"I'm sorry but that was a lie. Lith lowered his gaze, pretending to be remorseful and that now he was being honest. "I couldn't risk someone learning about the ingredient's existence and taking it before me. "I needed to get it first and check if my theory was correct. In which case I would have shared the cure with the King's personal healer:
"Of course." The Queen nodded, not caring one bit about the lie or the lessons anymore. "How did it go? Are you well now?"
"The short answer is that sadly it was a bust." Lith sighed.
"The ingredient wasn't enough and my spell backfired. That's why I'm stuck in the Desert under the Overlord's care."
Sylpha groaned, her mind filled with worry for both her husband and the possibility that their Supreme Magus might die before discovering how to apply Void Magic to tier four and five spells.
"Yet the good news is that the underlying principle was correct" Lith's words rekindled her hope and the light in her eyes. "Even though the spell didn't work as intended, my life force is partially mended and my condition has improved:
"The bad news is that I barely survived solely thanks to my nature as a Divine Beast so the ingredient would be useless for the King"
"I see." The Queen drummed her fingers on the armrests of the throne. "Where does that leave us?"
"All in all, I've gained a lot." Lith replied. "I now know that my method works and I intend to share it with Great Mage Ernas. With a bit of luck, she will find a way to modify it for the King and improve his health.
"The only problem is that if I leave now, I risk ruining the Overlord's hard work and returning my life force to its previous condition"
"These are excellent news" Sylpha nodded enthusiastically. "Take all the time you need. I'll inform the rest of the class and send Great Mage Ernas to visit you as soon as she can. Queen Sylpha out."
"What was that?" Elina asked the moment the conversation was over and the amulet disappeared back into the pocket dimension.
"Think about it, Mom. Had I told the Queen what really happened, both the news of my victory and of the wounds I sustained would have become public. I would have earned only useless glory and Meln would think that I can be defeated.
"This way, instead, any cursed object that has been tempted by his offer will be terrified at the idea of facing me."
"How exactly? I'm sorry but I don't follow you." Raaz scratched his head in embarrassment.
"Put yourself in their shoes, Dad. A mysterious ingredient pops out at the same time of their attack and my condition suddenly improves after a trip to the Desert. What would you think knowing that I'm bonded to a cursed object and that Grandma can use Creation Magic? Lith asked.
"Oh, Gods!" A savage smile appeared on Raaz's face at the idea of how terrified Orpal would be by that news. "I would think that you are so strong that you captured the cursed objects alive and that Sal- I mean, Mother has sacrificed them to heal you"
The Guardian's glare at Raaz using her first name instead of her moniker made the kids laugh.
"Exactly." Lith nodded. "By claiming that this is not a wound but the result of an experimental treatment, they are going to think that I'm their natural predator. That I have a way to improve my strength by feeding upon them.
"The cursed objects have no clue what has happened and soon they will believe that with each one of their failed attacks, I will become more dangerous."
"That's a brilliant idea, dear, but why did you throw Quylla under the carriage?" Elina chided him.
"T'm sorry, Mom, but she's the only healer that knows my secret who the Queen also trusts. Quylla will confirm every word I said and help me to make up a plausible explanation instead of looking for inconsistencies in my story.
"Also, I didn't technically lie. I did find a cure for my condition and since I can allow Quylla to study the tower and the changes in our life forces, she might be able to understand how to replicate its effects.
pαndα,noνɐ1,сoМ "After all, she's the best human Healer I know and she's also a Forgemaster. With my and Solus' help, we can really succeed." Lith said.
"Isn't that what you have been trying to do ever since you discovered that the tower is slowly healing Solus' mortal wounds? Elina said, worried that lying to the Queen like that might put her son into trouble.
"No, Mom." Lith shook his head. "Until this moment, I believed that the bond between the tower and Solus was the reason she is slowly recovering. That by regaining its strength, the tower was also rebuilding her body, like a phylactery with a Lich.
"What I have been doing is trying and failing to find a way to accelerate the process. Now, instead, we know that the tower is actually capable of mending a life force for good.
"It means that in time, Solus might make a full recovery and be free from the tower. It also means that if we can replicate Menadion's spell, people like me and the King could heal.
"It's not that simple." Solus sighed. "The tower isn't programmed to help anyone but me. You got better only because it temporarily recognized you as me. Whatever kind of spell Mom used is incredibly complex and is tailor-fitted for her bloodline.
"There is no telling if it can work on someone else. Also, even if you are right and in the future, my mana core gets repaired, splitting me from the tower might kill me. I'm at hybrid and the tower is a part of me."
"Everything you said is true, Solus. It's a thin hope, but until today we had nothing so it's a huge step forward." Lith replied.
"Enough chitchat. You two have suffered grievous wounds and everyone here has gotten a big scare. You can use a hot meal. Salaark clapped her hands and a table materialized in front of Lith with enough chairs for everyone.
The palace staff set up the table for the guests and a few minutes later they brought a full-course meal big enough to satiate even a Divine Beast.