2480 Turf War (Part 2)
"Wait. Why did Lith ask for Quylla instead of you? He knows that with Manohar gone you are the best healer in the Kingdom, hands down."
"I am, but I'm also forbidden to enter the Blood Desert." Vastor nodded. "So either Lith did it to protect me, or to keep me away. We both have our secrets and if he doesn't want to share, I'm not going to pry"
"And why are you forbidden to go to the Desert? Is it for something you did as a Highmaster? Zinya looked him straight in the eyes, hoping for the truth but ready to swallow a lie.
Now that the War of the Griffons was over, Vastor had run out of excuses to refuse to visit Lith and Kamila in the Desert. He knew that treating Zinya like a fool would only make her trust dwindle so he decided to tell her the truth.
Or at least, an acceptable part of it.
"No. It's for what I did as the Master. Vastor shook his head. "I needed to secure resources for my research and 1 couldn't take them all from the Kingdom without raising enough flags to betray my identity.
"So, I took them from all over Garten. The problem is that while I know how to navigate the Empire as well as the Kingdom. Salaark is much harder to fool and holds a bitter grudge.
"I see. She sighed in relief.
Sure, stealing enchanted metals and mana crystals is a bad thing, but Zogar did it for a good reason. It's a victimless crime and once his research pans out, I'm certain that Zogar will find a way to make amends with everyone he has hurt: Zinya had no idea that the resources he had mentioned included thousands of lives.
The Master felt terrible for omitting the truth like that but he was too afraid of losing her to come clean.
"By the way, you should find a way to spend more time with Kamila." Zogar rushed to change the topic. "It's her first pregnancy and she could use the council of an expert.
"Also, if Kamila doesn't start cramming Court etiquette soon, she'll regret it when she has to attend any public event. She's a Countess now, the sister of a Baroness, and she's married to a Magus.
"People are eager to curry her favor and take her apart in equal measure. Whatever comes easier will do,"
"Don't you think I tried?" Zinya snorted. "Whenever Lith was recovering from battle, Kami stayed by his side in the Desert. I couldn't drop my responsibilities and abandon you and the children to spend the night awake in a different country.
"Now that she's gotten back to work, seeing her is even more difficult. She's either too eager to prove to everyone her worth or too tired to see me. I don't get why she doesn't just drop everything and enjoys what she has
"Like you did?" Zogar teased her. "Ever since you've regained your sight you've given your all to learn how to read, write, count, sew, and cook. Back in Lutia, it was rare to see you without a book in your hand."
"That's because Fallmug kept me ignorant for years and I had a lot of catching up to do." She blushed in embarrassment. "I had to become capable of taking care of my children on my own and holding a conversation.
"Back then I couldn't understand half the things Filia and Frey talked about and being unable to help them with their homework made me feel stupid."
"Then, after you married me, you had to learn about politics, history, geography, literature, music, and Court etiquette." Vastor continued as if he hadn't heard her. "Now you have the reins of the Grand Duchy while I am at the academy.
"In case you haven't noticed, you are not a slacker yourself. Can you really blame her when you have gone from one full-time job to another?
"That's different!" When he put it that way, Zinya felt like a hypocrite but she would never admit it out loud. "The children are big enough to go to school and you are at the academy or in your secret lab most of the time.
"With nothing to do for so long. I'd die of boredom. I've spent most of my life sitting around like a doll, with only the warmth of sunlight on my skin to mark the passing of time.
"The thought of being useless again makes me feel like I'm rotting inside. On top of that, you've given me a second chance, Zogar, I want to make you proud of me and help you however I can so that when you are finally back home, we can spend that time together
"Don't you think that Kamila feels just the same?" He countered pointedly. "Lith works a lot as well and without her job, she would have nothing to do. Also, for Kamila working as a Constable is more than a way to feel useful and get some money of her own.
 "It was how she saved herself after your parents disowned her. It's something she has built her whole life and that Lith fought hard to give her back. She can't just quit. It would be like spitting on all the sacrifices she made and wasting Lith's efforts.
"Who knows, maybe once Elysia is born, Kamila's priorities will change but until then, you have to respect her choice just like she respects yours."
"I love it when you are right, but you could at least try to sound less like a smartass" Zinya chuckled before kissing him again. "By the way, how is Tezka? The kids are missing him a lot and to be honest, it's not the same without him around
"He's undergoing his treatment. It might take a while and the worst part is that I have no idea how long, He'll return only when his life force has stabilized. Vastor sighed, missing the Suneater as well.
"Why? Is Nelia too harsh with the kids?"
"No, she's great." Zinya shook her head. "Having a pretty auntie and a Griffon at that was a dream come true, at least at first. Filia and Frey are still scarred by the death of their magical beasts.
"Tezka has become a constant in their life and with each. day that passes without seeing or hearing from him, they are getting more worried for him. They are afraid that Tezka's dead and that we are hiding the truth from them"
"He's fine. I can assure you this much. I'll talk to the children when they get back home from school, you feel free to go to the Desert to visit your brother-in-law Vastor said.
"Are you sure you don't want me to stay here with you?"
"I have to go back to work anyway and family should stick together. He sat behind his desk, organizing the papers he had brought from the academy in orderly piles. "Say hello to everyone for me. If they need anything, they just have to ask"
"Will do." Zinya shapeshifted her luxurious clothes into something more casual before crossing the Gate to the Desert. "See you soon."