2486 Family Legacy (Part 2)
Until that moment, the Harmonizer would keep falling apart and fixing itself in a cycle that would end the moment the enchanted metal was too worn down to regenerate again.
The Hydras focused on identifying with Life Vision how the self-destruction spell interacted with the others and with the mana crystals. Only once they discovered from where the energy flow built up and the runes from which it was exhausted could they weave the Forgemastering circle, Disarm
It was a spell that combined the effects of Cypher and Rewrite. Disarm's runes sequence was flexible and needed to be tailored according to the volatile nature of the spells it had to neutralize and supersede.
It took them time, effort, and several tries since at the slightest mistake the energy overload would get worse and they would have to start from scratch.
Once the excess energy was dissipated and the self-destruction spell weak enough to be replaced by a similar yet useless sequence of runes, the two Hydras could sigh in relief.
"Thanks, Mom." Faluel restored the Stasis Field so that the energy inside the Harmonizer would remain stable even after she powered down the rest of the Forgemastering circles and took a break.
"You are welcome, dear. Are we done? Fyrwal asked.
 "Are you kidding me? No. We still have to make sure that there aren't more safety protocols and then find a way to recreate the Harmonizer. Without your Domination and Life Maelstrom, the Forgemastering circles might not be enough. Faluel replied.
"You can't blame me for trying." The Elder Hydra squinted her eyes and shook her necks in the attempt to find relief from the massive headaches that the prolonged mental effort had caused her. "You are slaving me for free:
"I can blame you alright." Faluel snorted. "You are my mother and our work here can change countless lives for the better. Or at least improve my mines." Faluel chuckled.
***
The two Hydras had to wait until rest had resettled the effects of Invigoration and the Royal Fortress armor had replenished its reserves of Life Maelstrom before continuing their research.
Before taking a nap, Faluel informed Morok of the progress she had made. After all, the Harmonizer was part of his bloodline legacy and it would belong to him along with everything they would find inside Glemos' secret lab.
"Thank you very much, Lady Faluel. I'll be forever in your debt." The Tyrant had completely changed his attitude toward the Hydra after she had agreed to help him. Also, Faluel was the only member of the Council aside from Ajatar who was defending his interests instead of trying to rob him blind with the excuse of helping the Kingdom to deal with the monsters' raids.
"Don't forget those words when it's time to split the loot. Faluel out:
"This is great news" Nalrond had stood behind Morok for the entire conversation. "Having a Harmonizer of my own might help me to understand the next step toward fusing my two life forces.
"Otherwise I'll be forced to go back to the Fringe to get some answers and that's an experience I have no desire to repeat. The first time we got lucky because the Dewan hoped to convince me to stay.
"Now, however, we'd have to fight against a whole tribe of werepeople and the gods know how many bloodthirsty elves
"I'm glad to see how altruistic you are." The Tyrant's voice oozed sarcasm. "It's my legacy you are talking about."
"Td never pegged you for a greedy guy." Nalrond knit his eyebrows in surprise.
"I'm not greedy, just desperate. Morok rebuked. "I usually don't care much about the gap in riches and status between Quylla and me but the marriage preparations are driving me crazy!"
"Don't be ridiculous. The Ernas are doing everything. How can you be the one stressed out?" The Rezar asked.
"Easy. First, the guest list: Morok shoved a long piece of paper that a vertical line of ink split into two perfect halves.
The bride's guests were so many that they extended to the end of the scroll and continued on its back. The Tyrant's guests, instead, could be counted on one finger. Aside from Ajatar the Drake he didn't know nor cared about anyone else.
"Wow. Even I can do better? Selia considered Nalrond at member of her family and since she didn't know Priya much, the huntress and the rest of the Fastarrows had already agreed to sit on the groom's side.
"Yeah, right. Keep telling yourself that." Morok grunted. "You are going to be as humiliated as me during the ceremony when people see that you are a literal nobody. Second, there is the matter of the house."
"If you are referring to the country house where you moved, Friya brought me to visit our own, and it's magnificent." Nalrond shrugged.
"And that's the problem!" The Tyrant said in exasperation. "Living in the Ernas mansion wasn't a big deal since it belongs to Quylla's parents. Our house, instead, will be Quylla's house and aside from myself I bring nothing to the place.
"Every time I sit on a chair or see a member of the house staff, I'm reminded of the fact that I'm living there rent-free. It makes me feel like a guest instead of the lord of the house."
Nalrond still spent half of his time with the Fastarrows and the other half with Friya at the Ernas mansion so he had never pondered the problem. Imagining how his future life would be made him swallow loudly.
"And wait to see when Orion so politely and 'casually leaves around the bills for the marriage preparations. He's making me feel like a damn beggar!" Morok held his head between his hands. "Luckily for me, due to their founder's decision, the Ernas know nothing of true and Spirit Magic. I need my bloodline legacy so that I can make up for my lack of wealth with my magical knowledge.
"I really hope for you that those silver mines make you a fortune or you're going to find yourself in an even worse situation than me?
Nalrond swallowed again and harder.
Once he finished paying Lith's loan back, what was currently left of his shares was more than enough to be at wealthy man in Lutia, but nothing compared to the wealth of an ancient noble family.
"Well, at least I carry my bloodline legacy with me." The Rezar replied. "I can teach Friya Light Mastery and-"
"And then she passes it on to the entire Ernas family?" Morok cut him short. "Dude, at least my legacy is solely for Awakened. My in-laws know about it and can appreciate my gesture but can't put their hands on it.
"You would lose yours for good. Also, Jirni and Orion are aware that I'm a Tyrant but did you tell them that you are a hybrid?"
"Are you kidding me? That's personal!" Nalrond blurted out in surprise.
"So you have squat to offer and a big skeleton in your closet. The Tyrant clicked his tongue while shaking his head. "You are screwed, man."
Neither of them knew that their discomfort with the bills, the arrangement, and everything else was all part of Jirni's plan.