2489 Heavy Shadow (Part 1)
"How do you feel today? Sinmara was Salaark's second in command and Lith's assigned babysitter whenever his family was otherwise occupied.
The relationship between the two was still strained after the War of the Griffons but the prolonged cohabitation and her tender care were slowly smoothing things over. Lith could hold a grudge for a very long time but being ungrateful was out of the question.
"Better. He flexed his arms and fingers before performing a few basic exercises with War. "My arms are back at 100%. The amputation had no long-lasting effect whatsoever."
"Then why do you say it like it's a bad thing?" Sinmara frowned at his dejected tone. "Because I can still feel it. I can still feel Jormun's and Phloria's blood dripping on my right hand. I hoped that one trauma would have canceled the other or at least that after losing my arm, my brain would understand that it has no fault. Lith replied.
"I'm sorry. I know that I should've helped you but-" "I wasn't trying to guilt trip you. Not this time." He added after a brief pause. "When can I go back to my regular life?
"One second." Sinmara used her breathing technique, Forgotten Star, to check on his condition. "T'd say yesterday, but if you want some more free time, I can extend your sick leave:
 "No, thank you. I love the Desert, but I really miss my home.
"Strong words for someone who spends most of his time inside the tower? She shrugged.
Lith opened his mouth, but there was too much to say and it was too personal to share it with someone he resented.
Because of the fusion, I've accessed Solus' memories and feelings. I shared her inner turmoil about our relationship, the joy of being reunited with me, and the fear of losing me.
She's gone for weeks yet now she's inside my head like it didn't happen for years. I love staying in the tower because it helps her core and life force to recover. Also, every room is full of beautiful memories we made together:
The ground floor of the tower was now permanently arranged in the form of their dream house and Lith couldn't bear the thought of it having any other way.
His family rejoiced at the good news about his health, especially Solus.
"Thank the gods! How is Death Vision? Did it get any better?" "I have no clue." Lith shrugged. "Maybe it's because of Grandma's presence, but I never had to hold Death Vision back in the Desert. Everyone always looks normal when we stay here. By the way, how come you visited me so rarely?"
Solus blushed up to her ears, mumbling gibberish in a tone too low to be audible. Then, she pretended to hear Aran and Leria calling her name and ran away.
"By my Mom, how can I tell him that the prolonged fusion made a mess of my feelings? I now know every damn thing about him and he knows everything about me. including the things I shared with Nyka and Tista during our trip.
It's so embarrassing that it's hard to even look him in the face
"I'm happy for you, babe, and a little sad about the end of our unexpected vacation." Kamila gave him a soft kiss. "For the first time since I've known you, there was nothing to worry about.
"Your life force could only improve, there was no enemy waiting for us back in Lutia, nor some deadly mission you had to undertake upon your return. This was my first real vacation, with no deadline nor death threat. She chuckled at her own joke.
"That's wonderful news, dear!" Elina hugged him, sobbing. "My little baby's life force is finally better"
"Mom, I've been sitting in bed for days. Why are you acting as if I was about to die?" He tried to get free from her embrace, obtaining only a rain of kisses on his cheeks.
"I know, but I can't contain my happiness!" Unlike Kamila, Elina was experiencing a normal pregnancy and Lith still had a hard time dealing with her mood swings.
Amid the happy family picture, Raaz was the only sour note. He had kept an eye on Senton and Rena for days and things hadn't gotten better not even after the latest scare. She was holding Senton's hand in joy, but there was no affection in his eyes.
If Rena were to turn around, she would discover that her husband considered that gesture like a chore.
Raaz waited for Kamila to get away from Lith and followed her to the kitchen.
Tm sorry to bother you, especially after what you just said, but we need to talk." About what?" Kamila was flabbergasted.
Both her pregnancy and Elina's were progressing without a hitch, Solus was back to stay, and her relationship with her father-in-law had never been better. Yet from his tone, it sounded like there was something wrong.
"Bad phrasing, sorry. I need your help with a family matter. Raaz told her everything he knew about the problems with Rena's marriage and the arguments that Kamila had missed due to her work.
Her eyes went wide in surprise more than once, but she couldn't find much fault in Senton's actions.
"He just needs time. I've walked more than one mile in his shoes and I can understand his feelings."
"And so did I but I've never been cold toward my wife or children. Did you ever resent Lith for his success and how it affected your life?" Raaz asked.
"No." Kamila shook her head. "Sometimes it's really annoying, but when I feel like I'm getting overwhelmed, 1 just have to think about Zin and all the beautiful moments Lith and I have spent together to get over it."
"My point exactly. Senton had weeks since the gala yet nothing changed. What he needs now is help from someone who can truly understand what he's going through Raaz helped Kamila to prepare a hefty snack for Lith and followed her back into the living room of the tower.
"Good gods, I have yet to get used to how much food Lith needs ever since he became a Divine Beast? Raaz pondered. "As stingy as he is, I thought he would have a stroke from the food expenses or at least that he would move to the Desert.
"Sunlight and heat reduce his appetite and save him a pretty coin. I mean, look at this serving. For once it's almost the size a regular human can eat."
This is actually for me." Kamila blushed, handing the trail to Lith in embarrassment.
He noticed that it was filled with her favorite foods but said nothing after noticing her distress.
"Senton, can you follow me for a minute? Your father just called me and he needs to talk with you." Raaz said.
"What is it now? More nutjobs demand their high priest' to commune with their god? Is another noble scum threatening our livelihood to get even with Lith?" Senton rolled his eyes, the annoyance he felt gave speed to his stride as they walked away.
"It wasn't enough having an Archmage for a son-in-law. Oh, no, my father had to build a cult around him!
"It's nothing like that. This isn't about Lith, son, this is about you." Raaz closed the door behind them, making Senton look around in surprise.