2495 Creation Magic (Part 1)
"Im not complaining Lith playfully ruffled her hair. I happy to have you back, Solus. I missed you a lot. "
"You don't have to say that every day but it's much appreciated. She blushed a bit. 'I missed you more!"
Lith returned to the center of the room, checking from the control panel that the tower's energy reserves were replenished.
The Workshop's ability to conjure the necessary amounts of Davross and powerful materials for the experiments of two mages at the same time took a huge toll on its power core.
On top of that, in its incomplete state the tower couldn't process the entire flow of world energy from the mana geyser, and part of the available energy was always drained to fuel the other floors and give Solus her human. body.
Lith had no idea of what would happen if the tower were to run out of power and no desire to find out. From the pocket dimension collapsing on itself and destroying everything stored inside to Solus going back to being a voice in his head, there were plenty of nightmare scenarios to choose from.
"There's only so long until Kami comes back from work. I'm going to take another shot. Since you are resting Solus, please take a good look with the Eyes and tell me if you understand what I'm doing wrong
While Balkor was forced to study Creation Magic from the theoretical standpoint and practice it only when he believed to have made a breakthrough to not waste the priceless materials Salaark awarded him for his services, Lith cheated as usual.
Practicing Creation Magic on stone and even silver was Just a very mana expensive way to destroy them. The worst part about learning Creation Magic was that only someone who had already mastered it could use regular materials to fuel its spells.
During the last month, Lith and Solus had destroyed hundreds of kilos of Davross, countless precious white mana crystals, and a forest's worth of Dryad's gift but they could afford it since they were just mere copies created by the tower.
Even a Guardian would have cried blood for such a waste. On top of that, not even one of Mogar's Chosen would have ever learned the basics of Creation Magic since Salaark used cloaking spells to protect her secrets from the likes of Dragon Eyes.
Only in front of those with which she was willing to share her knowledge did she use Creation Magic in its pure form, even simplifying it for teaching purposes.
At the level Lith and Solus currently were, they could shape and Forgemaster an artifact but they had yet to understand how to remove the imprint and enchantments.
Darkness magic weakened the bonds in the metal, allowing the light element to rearrange them in the desired shape, working respectively as a crucible and a mold. Then, came the Forgemastering part.
Even a tier one Creation Magic spell required to weave an array encompassing the Forgemastering circles required to draw in the world energy and the enchantments needed to craft the various pseudo cores.
At the same time, the mage had to factor in and adjust the output for the amplification effect of magic metals. Useless to say, Davross had the best durability and could withstand being manhandled by amateurs but it also had the greatest amplification effect.
Too much mana and the metal would collapse due to the damage incurred from darkness magic, too little and the enchantments wouldn't take. Either way, the metal would be ruined unless properly purified by a master of Origin Flames. Lith took a deep breath to focus, recalling in detail what he had seen Salaark do countless times before trying to replicate her technique.
"First the Forgemastering circle for the world energy.' He thought as a small silver array appeared over his palms. Then the enchantments and lastly a second array to keep the different circles stable and separated.
The various pseudo cores materialized in the form of concentric sequences of runes arranged in the order with which they had to be applied. A second silver array sealed both the world energy Lith had accumulated in the Forgemastering circle and the mana he had infused in the spells.
'Now I'm going to shape the Davross. A wave of his hand conjured the Forge he had received as a prize for taking down the Golden Griffon.
It was now smaller due to Lith purifying it from the Darwen with a mix of Origin Flames and molten lava. Darwen was the sum of all the impurities in a metal vein that condensed over the centuries as the constant flow of world energy turned silver into Davross.
The Darwen's resistance to magic outshined even the gold-veined white marble and was impossible to find it outside raw Davross. Purifying the metal with just Origin Flames also meant to destroy the impurity and lose the precious substance.
Hence Lith had focused his Origin Flames to melt solely the Davross and then used the lava from the Crucible to liquefy the collected Darwen and "purify" it from the residual traces of Davross, Adamant, and Orichalcum trapped inside the impurities.
The darkness element flooded the mystic metal, using its own amplification effect against the Davross itself to turn it into a malleable state.
The following wave of light element reshape the metal in the form of Lith's choosing and was also supposed to purge the residual darkness that would otherwise act as an artificial impurity during the enchanting process.
Lith had already tried using Void Magic to switch the elements, but using two unique branches of magic at the same time had proven to be too hard for him. He had mastered neither and their interaction generated unexpected consequences.
After realizing that mixing the two disciplines only made things harder for him, he had preferred focusing on one subject at a time and to try again once his mastery had improved.
The block of Davross shapeshifted into another dagger of exquisite design, the now malleable metal rearranging itself using a hard-light lattice as a scaffold. The only limit to the level of detail was Lith's imagination.
 Then, the lattice burst outward to not leave empty sockets as the Davross solidified and purge the lingering darkness in one go. Once the other two spells faded, Lith applied the second step of Creation Magic and had the arrays sealed in his hands expand outward.
The external circle connected the dagger to the enchantments, the strings of runes folding into pseudo cores that seeped inside the Davross while the accumulated world energy flooded it.
Lith had to constantly balance the world energy he conjured with the mana he poured and then fix the pseudo cores as the mystic metal amplified their power. To make matters worse, everything happened in just a couple of seconds and only because Lith took it slow on purpose.
"Fuck me sideways!" He said when he felt that he lacked the strength for the last enchantment and was forced to let it go.
Albeit incomplete, the enchanted dagger reflected the yellow light coming from the tower, turning it white. The mana crystals bonded with the metal released sparks as they discharged the excess energy from the Forgemastering process.