2498 Three Years Ago (Part 2)
"When you convinced me to undergo the eye surgery and paid for it, you did more than give me sight. You gave me life. Just three years ago pain and misery were all I had. Look at me now." Zinya took out a Remember that projected a hologram of her family.
"So don't you dare belittle yourself. I couldn't ask for a better sister. Now let's go. You are about to face one of the most unpleasant dinners of your life. Zinya made the silverware clink as they left the changing room.
Faluel's lair, the following day.
"Thanks to everyone for coming. We have much to discuss. The Hydra was in her human form and her mother Fyrwal was standing right next to her. "Let's start with the matter of Lith's life force since Morok still isn't aware of Solus' real nature and the moment he gets through that door we have to drop the subject.
 Right after coming back from the Desert, Solus had added the two Hydras as guests in the tower control panel. It had allowed them to come and go freely even when Solus was at the Verhens and the tower was alone in the Trawn woods.
It also gave the Hydras the benefit of enjoying the knowledge stored in the Library and the power boost from the mana geyser.
This way, Faluel and Fyrwal had an easier time performing the Forgemastering spells they used in the attempt to understand how the tower could repair Solus' broken essence and replicate it for anyone.
T'm sorry to say that even with my mother's help and her knowledge about Menadion's workings, I'm simply bewildered by the complexity of the tower core. Solus had removed the cloaking runes surrounding solely her life support system but that hadn't made things easier.
"After several tests and using every piece of knowledge that has been passed down by the Hydra bloodline, all I can say is that we are facing something in-between a healing spell, a phylactery, and whatever a Horseman is.
"Thanks to my skill as a Healer, I think I can crack the first piece of the puzzle, given enough time, but the other two are beyond me. If I were you, Solus, I'd either also ask for Kalla's help or that of a Lich you know and trust.
"Supposing one can even exist, of course." Falue! shrugged.
"Liches are insane by definition, so no." Lith dismissed the idea with a wave of his hand. "Kalla is our best shot."
"Suit yourself. Know that she's just a demi-lich, though. Until she manages to turn herself into an undead, there's not much she can do." Faluel replied. "For the Horseman part, you should ask either Baba Yaga or Dawn since you are in a good relationship with them.
At those words, Nalrond glared at Solus. He had learned about her trip with the Horseman only after Solus departure and had managed to swallow his grudge solely because he realized how unique Solus' existence was.
Dawn had saved Solus' life during the War of the Griffons and she was the only one who could relate to Solus condition. Most of all, he knew that he would never meet her.
Now the idea of the Horseman hanging with his friends in
Lutia and having to bear her presence was making his blood boil.
"It's not what you think. I'm not friends with Dawn Solus raised her hands with her palms out as if to contain his seething anger. "Nyka bonded with her only in order to stay awake during the day and we talked mostly about how to deal with the relationship with our respective hosts"
"There's nothing you can say that can make asking for advice to a slave driver and a murderer sound any better." Nalrond replied. "Just like it doesn't change the fact that you slept, worked, and toured Garlen by her side.
"Call it a business relationship or whatever you want, you hung out with her. Period. I can't blame you for trying to fix your life but don't ask me to like the way you chose to do it.
"I'm sorry." Solus didn't know what else to say.
Tm not happy about this either." Friya broke the awkward silence. "Dawn is a monster, but she saved Tista from Linnea and Baba Yaga saved me and my sisters from the undead in the Feymar mines.
"If not for her, I would have lost Phloria two years ago and I would have died with her. Please, Nalrond, if you can't forgive Solus even though she's the reason we met, do it for me.
The Rezar balled his fists, torn between the love for the friend who three years ago had saved him from the pits of despair and the hate for the monster who had thrown him inside of it by murdering his entire village.
"I'm sorry, Friya, but this isn't about us. I need time to sort out my feelings. If it wasn't for how desperately I need the Harmonizer, I couldn't stand looking those two in the face. He pointed at both Tista and Solus
"I'm the last person who can tell you to forget about vengeance. Lith said. "But unless you have a death wish, you'd better sort out your priorities. You can live in the past or you can live for the future but you can't do both. Believe me, I tried:
He thought about how Carl's ghost had haunted every decision of his life until Lith had met the real deal in the Mindspace and found the strength to let go of him.
"I still hate Meln. I'm more afraid than ever at the idea that my cracked life force might kill me before my time. Yet those things are no longer my priority and I consider them nothing more than side projects.
"If I find a clue about Meln's position, I'll track him down and kill him like the rabid monster he is, but I don't let such thoughts consume my mind. I live for Kami, Solus, and Elysia. Also, you are in an even worse position than me.
"We both hate a Horseman, but while my enemy has been disowned, yours is still beloved by Baba Yaga. If you decide to chase Dawn, you have to let go of everything else and focus only on accumulating power.
"Because even if you defeat the Bright Day and find a way to destroy her, the Red Mother will come to her aid. Unless you can deal with her as well, you'll have either wasted your time if Baba Yaga lets you go or your life if she marks you as a threat."
At that moment, Nalrond hated Lith even more than Solus for having said out loud the very same words that haunted him since the day he had moved into Protector's house.
'Despite my tough act with Solus, I've given up on my quest for revenge for years now! He thought. "My confrontation with Dawn under the Snake Tongue mountains showed me the abyssal gap between us.
She taught me everything I know yet that's just the tip of her abilities. I have no idea how to destroy her crystal rior a clue about where to start looking.