When their blades met, the Fomor needed to give everything he had to not be sent flying away due to the abyssal gap in raw strength between them. Eryon used the power of the earth element to become heavier and resistant to harm.
The air element to increase all of his abilities threefold and the fire element to engulf his body and equipment in mystical flames that ate at both the mana and equipment of his opponent.
"You know, this would have been much more impressive if your bloodline abilities weren't half-baked and I hadn't fought against Thrud's generals until I got sick of it!" Lith infused War with a spark of Chaos, turning it black as Origin Flames burst out of his scales.
The violet-black flames easily overpowered the Fomor's while the angry blade cut through his defensive orange aura. Even though Eryon's eyes granted him mastery over the six elements and several powerful abilities, it wasn't enough to stand against the Tiamat.
 Between the gap mass and the body refinement of a violet-cored Awakened, the Fomor felt like a child struggling against an adult.
Yet the worst part was feeling the emerald eye of the heretic staring at him and feeling it pull at his bloodline abilities in the attempt to steal them.
The golden lightning was supposed to be safely stored inside his mana organ, yet Eryon had to pour every ounce of willpower he had to keep it from leaving his body and entering Lith's.
Yet the Fomor smiled as all of his sacrifices paid off.
"Now!" At his command, the goblins unleashed a powerful gravity field localized solely around Lith.
Thanks to the power of the mana geyser below Ne'sra reverting them to their unfallen state, the goblins could combine their willpower and dimensional awareness to conjure gravity magic like a true dimensional mage and avoid affecting their allies.
Lith felt his weight increase by several folds, his kneecaps popped as they would soon collapse under the weight of his own body. Another Hati champion joined the fray, moving at the Tiamat's back.
Reverted trolls wielding weapons made of darkness and light magic in each of their six arms flanked him. Incapable of conjuring constructs, the Traughen had simply compressed the tier three heat rays until they generated the next-best thing to plasma blades.
"Fine." Lith snorted. "Charge!"
For a moment, the monsters' bloodlust kept them from understanding the meaning of that single word. The descent of the heretic creature and the frenzy of the battle had made them forget about the rest of the Demons.
They had never left the battlefield nor broken the encirclement. The Demons had simply followed Lith's orders and waited for the next phase of his plan.
The monsters were completely focused on the Tiamat so the sudden attack caught them by surprise. The Demons in the backlines unleashed the Spirit Spells they had kept at the ready without worrying for their allies.
They all shared Lith's same energy signature and their mana couldn't hurt them. The Demons in the frontlines, instead, exploited the ensuing mayhem to cut down as many monsters as they could before they could recover.
Lith escaped the trap by Spirit Blinking at the last second so that when the Hati and the Traughen struck, they fought among themselves for a while before realizing that their enemy was gone.
Eryon saw Lith appear several meters above the battlefield, outside the area of effect of his wings and where world energy could be harnessed. Seeing a sea of black flames forming above his head, the Fomor spread its wings and flew up, hoping to stop the creature before it was too late.
He unleashed six elemental pillars, one from each of his eyes, at the same time when Lith released his personal tier five spell, Final Eclipse.
Much to the Fomor's horror, the highly compressed elemental beams fared no better than the Hatis' spells, stopping in mid-air before reaching their target. The Final Eclipse, instead, seemed immune to the pull of his wings and resisted Eryon's attempt to dispel it.
"My eyes are up here!" Lith took control of the six pillars and shot them back at Eryon who tried and failed to combine the power of his wings and eyes to reverse the effects of Domination.
The Fomor crashed against the ground in a multi-colored shooting star of elemental energy at the same time when the Final Eclipse detonated, spreading outward from the core of the monsters' formation.
Once again, the Demons suffered no harm due to the shared energy signature. Also, they had no need to breathe so the steaming air didn't bother them whereas the monsters dropped their weapons in agony.
Their eyes boiled and their lungs burned, making them helpless lambs to the slaughter.
Eryon conjured the power of the water element to split Lith's mana from the world energy that composed Final Eclipse, but once again his powers failed him. The best he could do was to cover himself in a layer of mystical ice and pray to Glemos that it would be enough to survive.
'That thing isn't human. It's like-' The Fomor froze in horror when a cautionary tale that Glemos used to tell his children to scare them came to his mind.
Over a millennium ago, the Tyrant had been traveling Mogar in the hope of finding another successful evolution of the human race. Both Tyrants and Balors had developed eyes that granted them dominion over the elements so it was likely that a third race would sooner or later do the same.
Glemos couldn't stand the thought that while Hydras developed seven heads, humans couldn't muster the power of Spirit Magic. Even before their fall, no Balor had ever achieved the emerald eye and Tyrants fared barely better.
Even the First Tyrant had considered the seventh eye a joke since employing it meant giving up on all other elements whereas Hydras and all other species that naturally achieved seven elemental affinities had no such problem.
Since then, once per generation, the inheritor of the hidden research of the Tyrant bloodline would tour Mogar in the hope to discover a new species of humans whose potential surpassed the limits of his own species.
His duty was to study them from a distance and wait for the right moment to collect a specimen that would be used as a benchmark to permanently alter the Tyrant's life force. Glemos had taken the journey as well, finding no more than his predecessors.
Then, he had heard about a young king who had gone from farmer to hero in a short span. At first, he had dismissed those stories as exaggerated rumors spun by a freshly Awakened to further his agenda.
Once the Griffon Kingdom had started to take shape, Glemos reconsidered his previous position. Valeron's feats were too amazing for a mere Awakened human and his prowess rivaled that of a Divine Beast.
The Tyrant had followed Valeron for years during the campaign for the Kingdom, and the more he learned, the more he was convinced to have found what his bloodline had been looking for millennia.
Until he had witnessed Valeron revealing his true power and form.