Faced with a being of pure light, Glemos had barely the time to register that the First King indeed had more than two eyes before his survival instinct prompted him to run away without looking back.
Back then, Valeron had recently achieved the white core whereas Glemos was already millennia old. The Tyrant had already fought and sometimes killed ancient bright violet-cored Emperor Beasts much bigger than him.
Glemos had also faced several Divine Beasts during his time and had always survived. Yet when the First King unleashed his full might, the Tyrant ran.
The fact that Valeron was barely thirty years old didn't put a dent in the fear that possessed Glemos' legs. Valeron's bloodlust wasn't even aimed at Glemos but he knew that if he stayed there, death would come for him.
Only after putting dozens of kilometers between them did Glemos feel safe enough to stop, swearing that he would never approach the monster called Valeron again.
Whenever he recounted this story, the Tyrant would highlight how even being in the presence of the monarch hurt. How he had failed to check for the Spirit Eye because his mystical senses ached at the mere sight of Valeron.
Glemos had no idea why he had panicked like that since the First King was unaware of his presence, yet he had the certainty that if he had acted any differently, he would have died.
'I'm no Glemos and that thing is no Valeron. Then how come I feel like this?' Eryon thought as his body shivered in terror.
The Fomor had never heard of Tiamat Fear and was unaware that once activated, drawing in the world energy with his wings would also carry Lith's mana right inside his body.
Eryon bit his own cheek to resist the impulse to run away like his god had done almost a thousand years ago, using both his red and black eyes to survive the raging tide of Final Eclipse.
 'Why the heck hasn't he run away already?' Lith inwardly cursed.
'I don't know.' Solus replied from the pocket of the Fomor's tunic inside which she had slipped during their first clash.
She was the reason Eryon was still alive and his army hadn't been turned into charcoal. Solus was the one casting the Final Eclipse and she had adjusted its power to make it non-lethal.
Killing the Fomor and the rest of his allies was easy. The difficult part was allowing him to escape without making it obvious. If Eryon was the only survivor, he would have had no believable means to make it out of the encirclement alive.
The rest of the monsters were still breathing only because Lith wanted them to "sacrifice" themselves to give their leader the opening he needed.
'Turn the heat up a notch.'
'Got it.' Lith fused the Hands of Menadion with the gloves of the Voidwalker armor, using them to replenish the world energy and with it the elemental magic and the mystical flames of his Demons.
The Tiamat came down slowly, his body shrouded in darkness as he conjured bolts of lightning from both the ground and the sky. The Fomor used his wings to drain the world energy that fueled Mjolnir but for the first time in his life, Mogar resisted his pull.
He then used his yellow and orange eyes to Dominate the spell like Glemos had taught him yet the storm ignored his command, trampling him and his troops like an avalanche.
The monsters were sent sprawling on the floor in a seizure and the Demons mercilessly struck them down with cold metal and burning Void Flames.
The Hands countered the Fomor's wings while Solus' Domination supported Lith's, making Eryon's eyes useless.
'I know that I told you to kick things up a notch and I understand that you enjoy your act as a Dark Lord of the Lith, but you need to give this guy a chance if you want him to take it.' Solus said once the number of surviving monsters became dangerously low.
'If I make it too easy it'll tip him off.' Lith replied.
'If you make it any harder, he'll drop dead!'
'Yes, Mom!' He dispelled Mjolnir, sword in hand and apparently ready for the killing blow.
"You are really resistant to magic. Let's see how your species fares against Adamant." Lith's words and the sudden disappearance of Tiamat Fear snapped Eryon out of his daze.
He looked at the dimensional amulets that lay on the ground after the death of their owners.
They were filled with the food that his people need to survive. Without them, the mission would fail and the members of the colony would run out of supplies before reaching another mana geyser capable of stabilizing their condition.
'Me and my damn pride. Who cares about how this guy got his seven eyes? Even if I kill him, it won't bring back Typhos or Echidna. If he kills me, instead, the noble sacrifice of my comrades will be for nothing and my people will starve!'
Eryon drew in as much world energy as he could and this time Lith let him. The Fomor didn't question his luck, releasing the accumulated energy in a blue shockwave that reminded Lith of Doom Tide.
"Nice try." With one hand Lith Spirit-chocked Eryon while with the other he combined his Domination and the Hands of Menadion to suppress the blast.
The Fomor squeezed every bit of mana he had left to win the battle, unleashing a pillar of ice from his blue eye that froze Lith.
'I knew it! Dragons are weak to cold.' As the water element shockwave expanded, it knocked the Tiamat off and dispersed the energy of the Demons that had been butchering Eryon's troops.
"Run, before he recovers." The leader of the goblins conjured a strong barrier while the Traughen shared their abundant life force with the Hati to restore the power of what was left of the pack.
"We are the past. Worry about the future." With their six hands, the Traughen had quickly collected the dimensional amulets and put them all inside another, to make them easier to carry. "There's no hope for victory but that doesn't mean we are defeated either.
"Do what you must and get out of here alive. We'll keep the humans busy. As long as one of us draws breath, they won't have the time to chase you."
Eryon looked into the eyes of the leader of trolls and saw his determination.
"Thank you, brother." The Fomor nodded, using his restored wings to amass the world energy and flood with it the surviving members of his forces.
The monsters felt the power of the elements flow inside their bodies and used the breathing technique that Glemos had passed on to them to Awaken.
One pillar of light surrounded each member of the fallen races, pushing their cores and evolution forward. There were so many of them and so close to each other that their brilliance painted the city of Ne'sra with a blinding, uniform white.
Both mystical and regular senses were useless, respectively hampered by the mass of mana and the light the pillars that the monsters produced.
The army of shadows fought the light, smothering it with their black bodies and sapping its strength with their Abomination Touch.