Morok had to pretend to give a damn about Glemos' plans and explain why the two women were willing to help him.
Both the Hydra and Friya bore the emerald streak of Spirit Magic, something that all fallen races venerated and that was the lifelong dream of both Balors and Tyrants.
"Are they your wiv-?"
"Please, continue. Don't mind me." Agonizing screams cut Syrah's short as Lith impaled a few monsters on his wings. "I'll get back to you in a jiffy."
His Abomination Touch drained the hapless creatures dry, reverting them to their original form as their mana and life force empowered him.  
While everyone gaped at the sight of their savior and his majestic allies, the crowned demon had resumed the slaughter, cutting the awestruck monsters down by the dozen with each swing of his blade and sucking their lives out to regain his strength.
"You fucking bastard!" Morok cast a quick healing spell on Syrah before charging at Lith while infusing himself with the power of all elements.
His twin battle hammers, Grimnir were filled to the brim with the element of destruction. One shone with blue fire while the other with darkness element, both imbued by the eyes on the hands wielding the hammers.
The Tyrant moved as fast as a bullet due to his multi-colored scales amplifying the effect of fusion magic and his eyes, bringing them past their limits. Alas, the Abomination was faster and stronger.
A sweep of his black blade deflected the hammers in quick succession and snuffed the power with which Morok had imbued them.
"The fuck?" A front kick struck the Tyrant's solar plexus and sent him flying away while his face was still frozen in a shocked expression.
Despite his Adamant Wyrmguard armor and his newfound powers, Morok's ribs shattered and the impact with the wall would have cracked even more of his bones if Syrah hadn't caught him on the fly.
She had conjured a cushion of air magic to absorb the impact and a thick layer of light magic to heal his wounds before the bone fragments punctured his organs. Yet they were both sent back several meters and stopped only thanks to the collective power of the warg.
"You can't rush in a fight like that." She warned him while they both spat out blood from their still-closing wounds. "We need a plan."
"We don't have time for a plan. Look!" Morok sounded genuinely desperate because he was.
The goal of the mission was to bring the monster to trust Morok with the minimum number of casualties necessary yet Lith had already turned his back to them and was leading the Demons of the Darkness in a senseless slaughter.
The warg and Hati had to preserve their strength for their Queen while the Traughen had yet to recover from the shock of seeing hard-light constructs and dying by them. The monsters' army was still crippled and there was nothing they could do without Syrah's help.
·ƈθm The Tyrant took a deep breath of Invigoration, fixing both himself and the Hati Queen before jumping at Lith's back in a sneak attack.
"Please." The black-violet aura he exuded was also due to the Full Guard spell of his Voidwalker armor.
It gave him full awareness of his surroundings without leaving a single blind spot for over 20 meters (66') around the Abomination.
Yet the hammers were thicker than the sword and this time Morok was expecting a real fight instead of a mock one. By infusing Grimnir with water, he shrouded the hammers with a cold aura against which Lith was allegedly weak.
At the same time, he also used air to generate shockwaves that would disperse the brunt of the impact with War, making up for the massive gap in mass and numbing Lith's arm.
'I spent a lot of time thinking about what to do if we ever fought against each other, but I always believed it would have been a spar, not that you would actually try to kill me!' The Tyrant also used the battle to establish a mind link with the Abomination and question his deranged attitude.
'Do you really believe I want you dead?' The voice answering him belonged to the Void. 'No Flames, nor bloodline abilities aside from a few crippled Demons of the Darkness. This is nothing but a joke!'
It sounded cold and inhuman, every word a sharp shard of ice that numbed Morok's brain.
'Besides, the stronger the enemy the greater the glory. I can't cheapen your victory by just dropping dead after one shot.'
The first hammer safely repelled War, this time without losing the power it channeled. Lith needed but a flick of the wrist to restore his guard but the second hammer was already incoming, forcing him to block again and missing the opportunity for a counter.
The Tyrant's weapons had a shorter range than the black blade but, due to their thick mass of Adamant, each time the weapons met it was War getting the worst of it. Its edge dulled and its body cracked, forcing War to continuously repair itself.
On top of that, by dual wielding Morok kept the tempo of the fight fast enough to compensate for the gap in body refining and force Lith on the defensive.
The Abomination shapeshifted his wings into arms again and extended them to pierce through the Tyrant but he squashed the shadow limbs like bugs without breaking his rhythm.
"Not bad, but not good either." Lith said after Grimnir pushed War aside and created an opening for the second hammer.
Yet the blow was intercepted by a second black blade and this time it was Morok's arm that became numb. The second sword looked identical to War down to the smallest details but it was also incredibly heavy.
At the moment of the impact, the Tyrant had felt like he had struck at an Adamant's anvil instead of a thin bastard sword.
Caught off guard by Lith's switching to a dual-wielding style as well, Morok was soon put on the back as the twin blades repeatedly pushed his hammers aside and got closer to his skin with each slash.
'This makes no sense. Orion crafted War, not Lith. Making a second blade like that is far beyond his cap-' Morok's train of thought derailed when he activated Life Vision and noticed two things.
The first was that there was a thin thread of Spirit Magic connecting the blades. The second was that even though they looked the same, one had several pseudo cores while the other one bore a power core.
Yet their shape, the positioning of the mana crystals, the enchantments they used, and even the angry wails that the weapons emitted were the same.
'That's not another War. That's just Double Edge controlled by War from a distance!' It was then that the Tyrant noticed how Lith used the blade in his left hand solely to block, focusing the one in his right to the offense.
Double Edge had shrunk to fit Lith's Abomination form, but it still carried the mass of a weapon the size of a Divine Beast. To make matters worse, both blades moved with smooth, fluid movements since it was Solus in control of the left hand.