2577 Square One (Part 1)
 "So it was really you." Syrah growled at Lith while the Warsage was still having a hard time believing to her own senses.
"And I'd do it again." Lith grabbed the Hati Queen's hand, forcing her to see the destruction that the children of Glemos had left in their wake and to experience the pain from the Demons belonging to her people that he had conjured in Zelex.
As Syrah herself had pointed out a few minutes back, thoughts couldn't lie.
The visions of the bloodbath of Ne'sra struck hard at her, but only because after losing Ikara she empathized with the grief of those who had lost their own loved ones because of the raids.
Yet, the emotions that the souls of Zelex had shared with Lith were much worse. Not only did she recognize a few of her mentors from their memories, but she also experienced their despair.
The dead monsters had sacrificed themselves in the rites of passage in order to ensure their descendants a better future, yet they had witnessed from the shadows that nothing had changed.
With or without Glemos, Zelex was still stuck in a vicious cycle of hunger and death. Many of those souls resented Ikara and the other late members of the senate for their deal with the Undead Courts.
The spirits of the dead monsters consider it an insult to their memory since it would cause the death of the very people they had died to protect. They had accepted Lith's chains and turned against Zelex because they trusted him more than the current leaders.
'Good gods, our mere existence is a bane to life itself! Syrah thought. 'We inflict upon others abominable pain just to inflict even more upon ourselves. Even our dead are so ashamed of themselves that they helped Verhen in the assault.'
She was supposed to feel betrayed, but instead, she felt pity for the souls of the dead and hoped they had finally found peace.
"Why are you showing me all this? What do you expect me to do after learning the truth?" The Hati Queen asked.
"The right thing. What's best for your people." Morok replied. "I apologize for lying to get your attention, but now I'm telling the truth because it's the only way to earn your trust.
"My father was no god. He was a monster who tried to ruin my life just like he did yours. The only difference between us is dumb luck. You were alone whereas I had my friends.
"The Undead Courts are a bunch of monsters as well and cannot be trusted. They betrayed their leaders, Thrud, and even the Dead King the moment they didn't need them anymore.
"I'm not asking you to trust me either, not after I spilled the blood of your people just to get my hands on my bloodline legacy. That's why I'm entrusting it to you and giving you my blessing to use my legacy as a bargaining chip with the Council.
"If you play your cards right, you can stay here in Zelex and use its arrays to ensure the safety of those who'll stay behind." Morok shared with her via a mind link the best terms with which Syrah could get the Council to agree and suggestions on how to play the few cards she had.
She was moved by his sincere worry and regret for his actions. Unlike Verhen who burned with fury like a spirit of vengeance, Eari was full of compassion and wanted to save her people.
"Thanks for your generous offer, but I sensed that it comes with conditions. What do you want in exchange for your legacy and putting us in contact with the Council?"
"I only ask for safe passage for two of your people of my choosing. No questions asked." He replied.
I think you should take a look at 
"That's it? Then I'd be a fool to refuse your deal." Syrah's head was spinning, torn between rage from the lie and shock from the truth.
"Excellent." Morok nodded. "Now that's settled, there are a few people I would like to introduce to you. They are members of the Awakened Council who have an interest in Zelex with whom you can bargain in case you don't want me to be involved anymore.
"Do I have your permission to bring them here?"
Feeling cornered and confused the Hati Queen looked at her friends for advice, but they could barely shrug in reply.
'I can't trust the Undead Courts, that's for sure. Between the mind link and the news on the interlink, I'm now sure that they have no interest in keeping us alive. Best case scenario, they kill everyone with a Harmonizer to get their hands on the artifacts and enslave the rest of us.
'Worst case scenario, the moment we getout of Zelex after culling our numbers they will slaughter us all. Morok is a lying bastard as well, but a bastard who wants to save us at all costs.' She thought. 
"Sure. Let them in." She actually said.
"Your Majesty, do you mind if I take a look at the Harmonizer while we wait?" Bytra asked. "Even a preliminary report about the artifact's abilities will give the Council a better idea of what you have to offer, strengthen your position in the negotiations, and get you better conditions."
"Excellent idea." Syrah turned to the Warlord. "Since you were behind this charade as well, you should volunteer for the examination."
"I agree." Ryla tensed up when the Raiju pulled out her Royal Forgemaster wand and started weaving spells. "I believe in Morok and I'm certain that everything will be alright."
The Queen was afraid that Bytra might try to snatch the Harmonizer, triggering its self-destruct mechanism. From so up close, the detonation would have decapitated its wearer and Syrah had no reason to trust her unwanted guests. 
Yet Bytra did only what she had promised, obtaining a detailed scan of the mana flow of the Harmonizer and the effects it had on the Fomor. Things like the structure of the power core and the runes of which it was comprised were hidden by the cloaking system which also shielded itself from detection.
Both the Queen and the Warlord held their breath while Bytra weaved one spell after another and sighed in relief when she was done and Ryla's head was still attached to her neck.
A few seconds later, Morok's guests arrived.
Or rather, they had come on Ajatar's, Faluel's, and Lith's request who had promised them something they wouldn't turn down.
Feela the Behemoth, the beast representative, Raagu Drerian, the human representative, and Aalejah Eventide, the friendly neighborhood elf walked through the door, each one of them as stunned by surprise as their respective counterparts. 
Morok did the due introductions, but no one seemed to hear a word he said. 
"I can't believe it!" Raagu was the first to snap out of it. "Faluel was telling the truth. That madman of Glemos really undid the fall and you bastards kept it from us the whole time. I should put all of you on trial for this!"
"You can try." Zoreth beckoned at Raagu, growling. "Come at me. See what happens." "Don't worry, big sister." Faluel entered the room a second later.