2578 Square One (Part 2)
"Raagu is all bark an no bite. Sharing knowledge is on a voluntary basis so we had no obligation to tell them anything." The Hydra said.
"Also, the Harmonizer was retrieved in my turf from people who were trying to frame me with Forbidden Magic so it was bound to be mine as compensation. As for Morok, he's a rogue Awakened who was just protecting his interests.
"The Council never did anything for him so he has no obligation towards its members as well."
Raagu nodded, her annoyed grimace fully expressing how much she hated when she was caught bluffing.
"I promised to give you proof that humans can really evolve and here it is." The Hydra said, ignoring the human representative's puffing. "Urhen is a Balor, a direct evolution of humans, and Ryla is a Fomor, one step further."
"So you say." Raagu tried to act indifferent but she knew that Faluel would never give up on the monopoly of something precious like the Harmonizer just to waste her time. "I've studied the life force of plenty of Balors and they had nothing human about them.
"If you want my help, I need to take a deep scan with my breathing technique. Only then can we discuss the terms of a deal, assuming there can be any."
Ryla stepped forward once again, but Faluel stopped her.
 "No. Raagu needs to examine Urhen first because she's the human equivalent of a magical beast. Your life force is as different from a human's as that of an Emperor Beast is from an animal's."
"Syrah, what do I do?" The Balor was terrified.
The small human woman emitted an aura as powerful as Glemos and looked almost as kind. Greed, ambition, and excitement made the human representative's eyes shine like those of a kid eager to tear apart a butterfly's wings.
"Do as she says. We'll be ready to intervene the moment they try something funny." The Hati Queen channeled the power of 300 warg, spreading an aura that rivaled that of the Council members.
"I can't believe it." Feela regained her senses next, approaching Syrah with such tenderness that the Queen took a step back in confusion. "So much power without even being Awakened. You really did find a way back, sister."
"Not us, Glemos." Syrah half spoke half barked. "You have no idea how much pain and blood reaching this faulty state cost us."
"I'm so sorry." Feela nodded, keeping her distance to respect Syrah's boundaries. "I swear I had no idea of what your kind was going through or I'd have rallied the whole beast Council after Glemos's ass!
"He betrayed us as well. That fucker from a bloodline of fuckers betrayed his own kin." Her genuine outrage for someone she had just met really surprised the Hati Queen. 
No one had ever apologized to her nor did they usually seem to care.
"But I'm with Raagu here. I need to check your life force as well or I can't help you." 
"Do you need me or any Hati will do?" Syrah asked.
"I need someone with a Harmonizer, otherwise the corrupted life force will mess up with my readings." The Behemoth replied.
"Then do it." The Queen extended her hand, preferring to put herself at risk rather than Xagra, the only other Hati with a Harmonizer.
I think you should take a look at 
"Are you really a Svart/alfar?" Aalejah and Br'ey said in unison while pointing at each other, using the ancestral term of their respective species instead of the modern one in Tyris' universal language.
"Gods, I can't believe it. The ancient chronicles were real. You guys are still alive!" They moved in a circle, one the mirror image of the other.
Yet while Aalejah held her Yggdrasill staff tight, Br'ey clenched her mana crystal. 
"This is becoming embarrassing." They both said and everyone else nodded.
"Yeah. Raise your hand and take turns talking. You two are giving me a headache!" Raagu finished examining Urhen and moved on to Ryla, her hands shaking in excitement and a feverish light shining in her eyes.
"This is amazing!" Feela finished first and had a hard time not hugging Syrah out of joy. "There really is another path. By studying the perfect Elder Beasts and combining that knowledge with what we know about Emperor Beasts, we might find a way to move toward becoming Divine Beasts without the need for a Guardian progenitor."
"I wouldn't be so sure." Raagu was now done as well but while the Behemoth was brimming with enthusiasm, the fire of the human representative had gone out. "Even with the Harmonizers, Balors are still flawed creatures.
"They are actually an involution, gaining a few abilities in exchange for the loss of their mana cores and the inability to cast any spell above tier three. As for the Fomors, they partly solve the problem, but they are artificial in nature. 
"Glemos engineered them with the Harmonizer and there's no telling if they even have the potential to become permanently stable. Being dependent on a mana geyser for their powers makes them much worse than a Lich.
"Hence Faluel hasn't fulfilled her promise with the human Council. She has brought no substantial proof that humans can evolve nor solid lead that might bring us to reach such a stage.
"I agree that the children of Glemos can be spared in exchange for the Harmonizers and their help with Jiera, but that's it.
"They have no value for Garlen's Council and they don't deserve our protection. Only once the monster tides crisis is solved and if they become capable of Awakening will we reassess the situation of the various tribes."
"How can you say that?" Feela shook her head in disgust. "You can't just treat them like damaged goods. Artificial or not, unstable or not, they are our brethren! Even if in the end studying their life force doesn't get us anywhere, it's still a start. 
"We have spent millennia stuck in our condition. How can you throw away the first glimmer of hope we have for a better future?"
"We humans have spent millennia stuck in our condition. You beasts are the privileged ones. First, you got your Guardians, and from them came Divine Beasts and lesser Divine Beasts like yourself.
"After Xedros managed to tap into your Guardian blood and Thrud perfected the process, you beasts already have everything you need to move forward. The Harmonizer is relevant only for you. Humans, plant folk, and undead have never moved from square one.
"I have no reason to care for these creatures nor to help you in your research. If we are done, I'm ready to discuss the terms of the truce."
"Truce?" Syrah echoed in disbelief. "But that means that you plan on reopening the hostilities in the future." 
"As I said, you are unworthy of our protection. You are just a bunch of murderous monsters born out of Forbidden Magic experiments. A trinket isn't enough to pay your bill and you are going to help Jiera, not Garlen.
"If they want you there, fine, but if you come back here, there are plenty of crimesto which you have to answer.""How can you be so blind?" Aalejah said.