2581 Frail Alliance (Part 1)
'Sorry, but no.'Solus shuddered at the thought. 'I like Bytra and I have no problem spending a bit of time with her when she comes to visit Kami and the baby. Yet studying under her would take hours every day.
'Even though I know she's literally not the same person who killed my mother and me, she wears the same face and has the same voice. It still creeps me out more than I'd like to admit.'
"Yes, that's just my preliminary analysis." Bytra replied, snapping Lith and Solus out of their private conversation. "And before you ask, the answer is no. I can't replicate the Harmonizers, not even if by a miracle we get rid of all those annoying cloaking runes.
"During my first life, I wasn't much of a Healer so my knowledge about Body Sculpting was limited to shapeshifting. After turning into an Abomination, I practiced light magic for all the wrong reasons and I have regained my body only for a while.
"I have yet to get up to speed with all the modern Forgemastering techniques, let alone update my healing spell and study a new discipline from scratch."
"What would you need to do it?" Feela asked and Raagu nodded.
"The blueprints of the Harmonizer, for starters. Changing the disposition, order, and kind of runes after understanding how every single part works will be much easier than reverse engineering such a complex artifact bit by bit and putting it together with a trial-and-error procedure.
"Also, while I work on the Forgemastering part I need a Healer good enough to alter the Body Sculpting spell and explain to me in great detail the effects that it's going to have.
"This way, I can adjust my Forgemastery spells accordingly and choose runes that won't disrupt the alteration in the life force. Ideally, I would like to be partnered with someone who's both a good Healer and Forgemaster."
Everyone present stared at Lith but only a few of them seemed to like the idea."No offense, but Verhen is too young and his dealings with the Organization are shady at best." Feela said, receiving Raagu's and Syrah's approval although for entirely different reasons.
The human representative didn't like the fact that Lith had chosen Xenagrosh as his daughter's godmother. Also, she was afraid that once the probation period of the Organization ended and they become the sixth Awakened race in the Council, it would give him even more power and influence.
As for the Hati Queen, she simply hadn't forgotten about the slaughter of a few days ago and didn't feel comfortable putting her life in the hands of someone she only knew as a ruthless killer.
"I'd like to propose Lady Fyrwal and if she's not available, Faluel is the only one among us who has already experimented on the Harmonizers. The Hydra bloodline has given birth to excellent healers, is already acquainted with Zelex's senate, and is a trustworthy ally of Verhen, Eari, and the Council.
"All in favor?"
Everyone raised their hand, Lith included. Everyone but Bytra and Zoreth.
"I was actually thinking of the Master." Bytra said after receiving permission to speak. "As Xenagrosh said earlier, the Organization is interested in the Harmonizers as well. They might be the key to stabilizing the conflicting life forces of our members and allow us to Awaken again."
On paper, it was a good idea and it made perfect sense.
The Master had already proven to be a priceless asset.
I think you should take a look at 
He had not only found a way to bring the Eldritches to new heights, something on which Mogar itself had given up, but he was also close to achieving a method to give new life and an enhanced body to the natural undead known as Abominations. 
On top of that, the Master had played an invaluable role during the War of the Griffons, dealing with both Thrud's Generals and her lost academy. 
On the other hand, just the thought of putting him in charge of the project sent a cold shiver down the spine of everyone who knew his name. Every single one of his hybrids was a wanted criminal with a rap sheet longer than a Dragon's arm. 
No Council elder was a saint, but none of them was a mass murderer like the Organization's members. The only reason the Awakened community had decided to grant the hybrids a probation pardon and a role in the Council was desperation.
Fake magic constantly improved by leaps and bounds thanks to collaboration between Royal Mages and Forgemasters whereas each Awakened worked only for themselves.
 After Lochra Silverwing had spread her legacy and Ripha Menadion had created the Forgemaster wands that allowed fake mages to use pure mana in their works, it had taken less than one thousand years for fake mages to come close to fill the gap with Awakened.
The Council had changed its millennia-old rules because they needed the skill and genius of the fourth Ruler of the Flames. In life Bytra had willingly shared her knowledge about runes and during the treaties, she had offered her help again. 
Her price was the pardon for herself and the other hybrids plus a seat in the Council, establishing the Eldritches as the sixth Awakened race on Mogar. 
Raagu and the other representatives had accepted the offer on the grounds that all Abominations in the past had been Awakened and that in the future they might Awaken again.
Yet the truth was that the very same power that the Master and his Organization had displayed during the War of the Griffons scared the Council elders to death. 
'Of the nine known hybrids, six are the offspring of the original Guardians. They are Divine Beasts who thanks to their monster half exceed even the potential of their siblings.
'Of the remaining three one is a creature capable of controlling the world energy at will, another is a Verendi Divine beast fused with a legendary Meneos, and the last one is Bytra!' Raagu thought.
'If the Master becomes the lead Healer in the Harmonizer project, his Organization will have access to both the Forgemastery and Body Sculpting halves of the artifact. Once they crack the cloaking runes, they might keep the knowledge for themselves and betray the Council.
'Even if they do share what they discover about the Harmonizer, I can't afford the hybrids to be restored to full life before Bytra delivers some groundbreaking technology to the Council.
'Most of them are already terrifying existences and if not for their current limitations, they would have no need for the Council just like the rest of their kin. Once they become capable of using breathing techniques and Spirit Magic again, they will become unstoppable.' 
"Thanks for your offer, Ruler Bytra, but that's not an option." The human representative actually said. "The Council is bargaining for the Harmonizer and its use will be our exclusive.
"Even though we appreciate your help, the Organization is still a probatory member. Once your people become an integral part of the Council, this matter can be discussed again. Until that moment, you'll have access to the Harmonizers only under supervision and one of our Healers will assist you.""They will keep an eye on me, you mean." Bytra snorted.