2585 New Home (Part 1)
Merchants and travelers reported multiple sightings of black Dragons ridden by a winged knight.
Some believed that the Gorgon Empire had sent Leegaain's children as scouts before an invasion. Others that after the Dragon Dance, the ancient Wyrms who slumbered in the bowels of the Kingdom had awoken and were preparing to establish their own country on the surface.
All of them were wrong, but that's a story for another day.
The final Warping Array marked the end of the journey and made Morok sigh heavily again.
"What is this place, Mom?" Garrik stared in awe at the magnificent building standing in front of them.
It consisted of a two-story house made of silver veined white stones, a sturdy material capable of channeling and amplifying dozens of arrays at the same time. The sloped roof was covered by enchanted tiles bearing a different rune each.
They would turn silver during hot days to reflect light and keep the house cool and black during cold days to absorb and store the sun's heat.
As for the runes, thanks to the mana geyser below the estate fueling them, they could conjure and overlap multiple kinds of offensive arrays at the same time, combining their enchantments to obtain a different effect based on the enemy.
Each floor occupied 500 square meters (17,660 square feet) and on the back of the building was visible a tall keep over 50 meters (165') high that was likely to serve as an observation point.
The property was surrounded by an enchanted wall over three meters (10) high and extended far enough to grant direct access to the luscious green of the nearby woods.
The group had Warped inside a garden with enough space to allow a Divine Beast to sit or for several packs of magical beasts to run and play together. Benches and flower beds had been arranged to form paths centered around a large fountain.
 The fresh water gushing from the several nozzles formed arcs that reflected sunlight and, with the help of a simple spell, generated permanent rainbows. At the center of the fountain, there was the statue of a man that shapeshifted into different forms, the only thing they had in common was that all of them wore a deep white robe.
The human form held a book, the Dragon form was depicted hammering something on a Forge, and something in-between the other two wielded a sword.
Garrik gaped at the various wonders, flying back and forth without reaching any because incapable of deciding which one to see first.
"Thave no idea." Ryla looked around the place with equal amazement, but only after making sure that there was a stable and powerful flow of world energy coming from below.
"This is going to be your home until we find a permanent solution." Morok grunted as he came down Xenagrosh's back. "Welcome to the Verhen Mansion." 
The Ernas ruled over one of the richest and most powerful regions of the Kingdom, but they had no place where to host the Fomors. Some of their homes and fortresses had been built over a mana geyser, but they were all inhabited and well connected with the local settlements.
The presence of two non-humans would never go unnoticed and even though the Ernas had at their disposal every means necessary to ensure their safety, Morok didn't want Carrik to just exchange one prison for another.
The Verben Mansion, Instead, had been built away from prying eyes on purpose. The location had been chosen due to the presence of the geyser to accommodate Solus' tower which currently resided in the keep with space to spare.
I think you should take a look at 
On top of that, it was equipped with a private Warp Gate.
Since its completion, no one could access the Mansion unless directly invited and thanks to the Gate, people from the Verhen and the Ernas family would be able to come at all times to bring food or spend time with their new guests.
"Who would have ever thought that the wet dream of a paranoid cheapskate would have come in handy?" Jirni said while taking deep breaths and appreciating the air dense with world energy.Even without the use of a breathing technique, she could feel her body being invigorated and nurtured.
"Not now, dear." Orion sighed. "Let's go meet our future in-laws."
The Ernas couple had insisted to be present so as to meet Ryla and Garrik and be properly introduced to the members of Morok's extended family. Solus had arrived first with the Tower Warp and kept them company while they waited.
Garrik was the first to spot them from the sky and dived in front of the newcomers filled with childish enthusiasm.
"Hi, my name is Garrik and this is my home now. Who are you and what do you turn into?" Without giving them time for a reply, he circled around them, looking at Orion's back, under Solus' hair, and above Jirni's hair for any sign of their true nature.
"This is actually *my* home, little runt. You and your mother are my guests so be respectful with my friends." Lith caught the boy on the fly and forced him to stand still on the ground so that he wouldn't give everyone a neck stiff by trying to follow him with their eyes. 
Lith's tone was supposed to be harsh but it failed to impress anyone. He had kept solely the seven eyes and feathered wings of his bestial form in order to make his guests feel at ease since aside from his pink skin, he closely resembled a Fomor.
That along with the warmth in his gaze and the way he ruffled Garrik's hair made him look as stern as a friendly uncle.
"Guys, these are Garrik and Ryla Earl, Morok's step-brother and mother. Garrik, Ryla, these are my friends Jirni and Orion Ernas while she is Solus Verhen, my cousin."
If she's his cousin, then I'm her mother."Jirni said with a sneer via a mind link. She's barely taller than me and her body type is completely different from the Verbens we know.
'Also, after allegedly meeting her in the Desert, Lith brought her to his home and gave her the keys to everything This doesn't just smell fishy, it's the whole ocean.
'Man, if she's big Orion replied, making Jirni's attention switch from their host to her husband who was swallowing loudly while clenching her hand.
Like all Fomors, Ryla was a head and shoulders taller than Orion, reaching past 2.3 meters (77) in height. She had long silky hair of the six colors of the elements that framed her soft hips like a rainbow waterfall.
Her body and features were perfectly proportionate as if instead of being birthed she had been carved by an artist with the goal of falling in love with his own creation. She wore a comfortable silk gown and a loose vest that left most of her back exposed so that she could freely unfurl her wings.
"Yeah, very big I'd say the size of melons" Jirni's voice oozed venom and despite her gentle touch, Orion could feel the silent fury coursing through her petite body.
"I meant her height." He rushed to clarify.