2589 Extended Family (Part 3)
"I know that this might be awkward, but I'd like to invite you and the rest of the senate to my wedding." Morok said during the last trip to Zelex, right before taking the final pack of books to the Ernas library.
He had waited as long as he could in the hope that Syrah's hatred would subside and then seized the moment when Xagra was with her to make his move. The Hati Queen's countenance changed in the presence of witnesses and especially her son.
Only she, Urhen, and Br'ey knew the truth behind the alleged demon invasion while everyone else still believed the Tyrant to be a selfless hero and the prophesized savior.
Syrah hated to admit it, but between the church of Glemos and the food, the citizens of Zelex had accepted the deal with the Council without batting an eye. Even the few among the warriors who still had questions regarding the events regarding Morok's arrival had soon decided that ignorance was bliss.
The Hati Queen was even more careful holding herself back in front of Xagra, not wanting her hatred to be passed down and ruining any chance the children of Glemos had of a peaceful existence on the surface world. 
"And why would you do that, Lord Morok?" Syrah had to improvise a fit of cough to hide the growl that would have otherwise accompanied her words. "We barely know each other yet you have already done so much for us."
"I feel like we are taking advantage of you." Yet her glare told clearly that she didn't trust him further than she could throw him.
"Mom, are you feeling unwell? Xagra whimpered and so did his siblings. "Can you please examine her, Lord Morok? Auntie Carana is a great healer, but not even Traughen can compare to Awakened."
Tm fine, there's no need for-"Syrah choked on her words seeing the fear in her pups' eyes.
Her children were afraid of losing their mother as well and remaining alone.
"Please, Lord Morok, ease their worries." She offered him her hand, hating the Tyrant's touch and herself even more for scaring the children.
"Sure." Morok gave her a check-up as flashy as it was pointless. "As for your question, I have no one on my side of the family and I would truly enjoy some company. Also, I thought that you might like a taste of life on the surface. 
"The ceremony will be held above a mana geyser so with a bit of shapeshifting there will be nothing you have to worry about. There will be lots of food, and the ceremony will be held near open woods, in the middle of a huge garden"
Syrah was about to tell him to shove the invitation up his ass when all hell broke loose. 
"Food?" Xagra said, panting and waggling his tail in excitement. "Like the ice cream Mom reads about on the silver thingy?"
"Open woods?" A slightly older Hati echoed. "Can we really play under the sun?" A slightly younger one asked.
"Yes, yes, and yes." Morok nodded. "All you can eat plus all the space you want to run around without getting older.
"Please, Mom, can we go? Please? Pretty please. We'll be good!" Syrah was surrounded by a firing squad of literal big puppy eyes and waggling tails.
I would never accept if it wasn't for the fact that I haven't seen them so happy since the day Ikara died: She thought, Inwardly cursing the Tyrant for his latest manipulation. "No matter if I tell them the truth or I just refuse the invitation, it would be plain cruel either way."
"It will be my pleasure."
 The children erupted in cheers and then went to share the good news with their friends, sealing Urhen's and Br'ey's fate before they could even understand what was happening.
I think you should take a look at 
"Excellent. Here are your invites. I'll send someone to explain etiquette to you and to take the measurements for your clothes. Bye!" Morok disappeared faster than she could give him the finger.
***
At the same time, in Lutia, Kamila couldn't stop looking at herself in the mirror.
Her hips were starting to get wider and her belly to show the signs of a baby bump. She knew it was perfectly normal and every woman in the family reassured her, yet she couldn't help feeling awkward while staring at her own reflection.
"How can this be just the beginning? I'm going to get huge!" She whined. 
While she wore her uniform the multiple layers of clothes helped to hide the changes but the moment she was in her underwear, it was impossible to miss them. Luckily for her, the Voidfeather armor made even her undergarments fit without the need to be resized.
"Gods, woman, if you wanted my attention, you Just needed to ask Lith didn't mind the changes at all as he demonstrated by pinning her against the wall from behind while kissing his way down her neck.
I wasn't trying to seduce you, you idiot." Yet her voice quivered as his hands moved along her exposed skin. "It's early morning. It's too soon for..."
The hormones that were allowing her body to adapt also increased her sensitivity, something that Lith exploited by stroking her most vulnerable areas.
Kamila opposed a barely noticeable resistance as her words turned into moans and her breathing into panting from arousal. After the first round, she turned to look him in the eyes, needing a little help to wrap her legs around his hips. 
As her fingers clawed at his skin and her mouth looked for his, Lith brought Kamila to the bed where she engaged him in more comfortable positions until she was completely satisfied.
"I can't believe you made me miss work" Her breath was still labored when she managed to reach the pocket watch.
According to the display, there were only a few minutes left before lunch.
"Tell your boss that you needed rest. Healer's order Lith replied, making her giggle. "Besides, you made me lose my Vold Magle lesson as well. What I'm going to say to the Royals?"
"Definitely not the truth." She replied, going back into his arms for cuddles. "Do you really not mind?"
"Mind what?" Lith asked with a puzzled look on his face.
"You know, that I'm getting... fat." The last word came out dragged and so low that it was barely audible.
"You are not fat." He countered with a firm tone. "You didn't develop an obsession for cheese and beer, we are having a baby. Besides, unless during the last few hours you have been replaced by a Doppelglinger, I think I've made my point clear."
"Oh, no. That was definitely me." Kamila gave him a naughty smile followed by a deep kiss yet once she pulled back, she still looked unconvinced. "Are you sure that wasn't pity sex or something?"
"Now you are asking for it, woman." Lith pulled her into a tight embrace, forcing her to feel the strength of his convictions. "I'm not letting you out of this room until- Gods!"
He had barely started to caress her again when he jumped back like he had touched a live wire.