2590  Extended Family (Part 4) 
 "What's wrong?" Lith's shocked expression made Kamila forget about her self-consciousness about her body to worried sick. 
 "A kick!" 
 "I didn't kick you, you jerk. I was just going to-" 
 "Not you, the baby! I swear that I felt a kick." Lith put his hand back on her stomach, hoping for an encore. 
 "Are you sure it wasn't just my stomach grumbling?" Lith had missed breakfast but Kamila had also skipped her five midmorning snacks. 
 "I don't know. It was weak and this is my first time too." He activated Invigoration to take a look at Elysia just in time to see her strike again, this time with feeling. 
 "I felt it too!" Kamila started to tear up, her voice broken by hiccups. "Gods, I'm so happy to have skipped work. This is Elysia's first kick and we got to share this moment together." 
 "Me too, but this begs the question. Is she just asking you for food or did Elysia dislike Mommy and Daddy sharing their special embrace?" The question was as dumb as Lith's tone was dead serious, making Kamila laugh and cry at the same time. 
 "She's a baby, silly." Kamila said while blowing her nose with a handkerchief. "She has no idea what's happening. No matter how paranoid you are. A kick is just a kick." 
 "Only one way to find out." Lith lay his ear against her swollen belly, gently rapping on her skin as if he was knocking on a door. "Elysia, this is Daddy. Kick once if you are hungry and twice if there's any other problem." 
 At first, Kamila had to hold in a laughter at the absurdity of the situation. Then, it dawned on her that maybe Divine Beasts developed differently from human babies and she found herself holding her breath in tension. 
 After a few seconds anything had yet to happen and even from Invigoration Elysia wasn't giving any sign of understanding human language. 
 "Thank heavens." Lith sighed in relief. "I swear that if she actually answered, I would have freaked out." 
 "Yeah, same." Kamila giggled, caressing his hair while she enjoyed that situation. 
 The physical contact gave her the impression that father, mother, and daughter were all connected as one. 
 "Yet I can't wait to tell my colleagues that I am one of the few individuals able to say 'told you so' to the great Supreme Magus of the Kingdom. Even a mere Constable can teach you a lesson or two." 
 "Please." Lith replied with a snort. "You are my wife and we live together. You are bound to be right from time to time." 
 "From time to time?" She said in mock outrage. "I'm-" 
 The delicious smell of meat sauce and roasted potatoes wafted through the frame of the door again, making Kamila's mouth water and her stomach grumble yet it wasn't the reason she stopped herself mid-sentence. 
 A strong, well-placed kick right where Lith's cheek was had followed the smell, leaving them both flabbergasted. 
 "Coincidence?" Suddenly Kamila didn't care about being right anymore. 
 "Do we really want to know?" Lith jumped up, having his Voidwalker armor covering him while gesturing for her to recall her armor as well and quickly. "Because if we do and the answer is what I fear, I won't touch you for the next four months." 
 "It's definitely a coincidence." The silvery metal covered her, taking the form of underwear, knee-length loose pants, and a blouse while Kamila used chore magic to erase every trace of the indoor activities. "I am hungry so Elysia is hungry." 
 Luckily, no more kicks ensued, allowing the mystery to remain so. 
 "Good morning!" It wasn't Elina's first rodeo so her belly was more swollen than Kamila's and she was at ease in her current condition. "I'm always happy when you two workaholics take a break, but you should at least give notice to your bosses. 
 "Archon Griffon was worried about you Kamila and she called me since neither of you replied to your amulet. As for you, Lith, Solus had to go to the Crystal Griffon alone for the Void Magic lesson. 
 "Without you, that poor girl will be exhausted after using so much magic for the entire morning." 
 "I know." Lith sighed while pulling a chair for Kamila and handing her an appetizer. "I'm sorry, Mom, let me help you. You must be tired." 
 Elina was already done and there was little left to do. 
 That day it was Tyris' turn and Zinya was there as well. The three of them had prepared a small feast and Trion had already set the table after returning from the fields where he had worked during the morning with Raaz. 
 Whenever Lith was at home, he conjured the soul of his brother from the Void Sigil in his feather and gave Trion Verhen a human appearance with Light Mastery. 
 This way, even when Lith was conducting his magical research or spending quality time with Kamila, Solus, or both, Trion could take care of the family and let them make up for the lost time. 
 Raaz and Elina loved every moment they shared with their lost son while Rena wanted to know everything about his life in the military. Aran and Leria, however, had yet to warm up to Trion. 
 They were young, but not stupid. 
 Whenever they asked where their uncle/brother had been their whole lives, their respective parents gave them vague and evasive answers. Despite the joy of having him back, no one felt like painting Trion like a hero who had been away from home, sacrificing his personal life to save innocents. 
 His past misdeeds were forgiven, but far from forgotten. That and the perennial guilty look on Trion's face spoke volumes about his character. 
 "I'm a bit tired, but it's nothing I can't handle." Elina cupped Lith's face while caressing his cheeks with her thumbs. "I'm so proud of the man you have become. You have healed your sister, saved your father, and brought Trion back from the dead. 
 "It's only thanks to you that our family is back together and we can live in our home." 
 "There's no need to keep thanking me every other day, Mom." Lith blushed a bit in embarrassment, feeling like a small child again. 
 "I couldn't disagree more." She gently pulled his head down to kiss his forehead. "Without you, our family would be poor and torn apart instead of prosperous. You have rescued two of my children, blessed me with the ability to bear two more, and now you're about to give me a granddaughter. 
 "I'll never stop thanking you because I want you to know how happy you make me and that I'm never going to take it for granted." 
 "Thanks, Mom." Lith hugged Elina, his voice low and husky. 
 For a moment, Kamila could see Lith shrinking into a very young Derek McCoy crying for his mother's attention. Yet instead of being ignored as it had happened back on Earth, Elina lifted him to her bosom and lulled him into sleep. 
 To everyone else, however, Lith was always an adult much taller than his mother and his face happy. 
 "You must be tired from working all day. Sit down with Kami and let me take care of the rest."