"That's it?" The Rezar said in disbelief. "You came out for a nap? And to recover from what, exactly?"
"I didn't come out for a nap." Morok snorted at the allegation. "It's just that once I was done there was no point engaging you in a staring contest. It was just the best way to pass the time while you two recovered. Can we go back inside?"
"No." Faluel shook her head. "You are done doing what, exactly?"
She looked at him with Life Vision, his life force unchanged and his blue aura devoid of any violet streak.
"Call me when you are ready." Two quick spells and Morok went back to his beauty sleep without bothering to answer.
"Gods if I hate him." Nalrond said after Hushing himself and Faluel. "First of his kind, found and married the woman he loves, and worry-free, acting as if everything is a game."
"Couldn't you say the same things about Lith?" Faluel tilted her head in curiosity.
"Yeah, but at least Lith worked his ass off for that. He struggled and suffered. Also, if he's worry-free then I'm King Valeron." He replied, making the Hydra chuckle. "Morok had shitty parents, sure, but everything else came easy to him. It's unfair."
"I disagree." Faluel said. "Morok's attitude makes it look easy but it's not. He fought and suffered like the rest of us. It's just that he didn't let those things define him. I mean, think about it.
"In his shoes, after Quylla's fake death, anyone else would be terrified every time that she works in the field. Yet Morok has chosen to focus on the joy to be with her instead of the fear of losing her. That's not easy at all."
"Yeah. Like building a family without worrying all the time that it might turn into a dumpster fire like your parents'." Nalrond hated to admit it but she was right.
Faluel's recovery was akin to a domino effect, becoming faster the more auxiliary cores she recovered. By the time Morok was halfway through his third nap, he felt a hand shaking him.
"We are going back inside." Faluel said.
"Not so fast. I've waited for you until this moment. The least you can do is give me five minutes and return me the favor." The Tyrant replied.
"Okay, do you want coffee or tea for break-" Nalrond was still speaking when Morok walked a few steps and was suddenly engulfed into a golden pillar.
The world energy enveloping him was split into its six elemental components and absorbed through his six eyes. The mana flow was channeled and amplified by the multi-colored scales that covered his body before moving on to his internal organs.
Matter followed the energy, flowing into the Tyrant and allowing him to grow in size without trauma or cannibalizing his own flesh. The bright blue of his core burst out with violet streaks that soon spread to its entire surface.
Morok screamed with exalted joy as his body rearranged itself into a more powerful form that could fully tap into the power of his newfound deep violet core.
His figure had grown to 3.5 meters (11'6"), the scales covering him increased in thickness and number.
 His previous lean physique had also gained more mass in the form of bulging muscles that made him a hulking figure.
The number and position of eyes hadn't changed, but his hands now ended with razor-sharp claws and his legs now resembled those of a cat, giving him greater jumping and running abilities.
Last, but not least, two small protuberances shaped like an overturned V came out of his back. Several small bone spikes punctuated the inner side of the protuberances, almost making them look like a comb.
"What the fuck?" Nalrond said. "Why did you wait for this long?"
I think you should take a look at 
"Maybe because of the huge ass golden pillar?" Morok looked at the Rezar like he was insane. "I knew it would have been visible for kilometers. I couldn't risk betraying our position inside the Fringe nor could I get the violet before Faluel finished recovering.
"Now let's move before someone gets here. Also, I bet that everyone will ask me the same questions and there's no point repeating myself."
The Tyrant disappeared past the veil, leaving Nalrond behind.
"I hate it when he sounds like the reasonable one. It makes me feel twice as stupid." He and Faluel joined the rest of the group just in time to hear Morok explain again why he had been forced to go outside to evolve.
"That was mean of you!" Aalejah pouted while examining his new life force. "I would have loved to witness the birth of a new species. I could have learned a lot from it. Maybe even find a way to improve Garrik's Harmonizer."
"Sorry, I didn't think of that."
"When did you start researching the violet?" Lith asked, his nostrils flaring in ill-concealed annoyance.
"In Zelex, while you kicked my ass." The Tyrant lowered his gaze in embarrassment. "I got my first clue when my scales absorbed Ryla's elemental attacks like my eyes. Then I progressed one step at a time until we got here.
"While the others recovered, I kept practicing under Mogar's guidance until I found my answer."
"That's just a few months ago!" Friya said in envy, still stuck between the blue and the violet.
"What can I say? I got lucky." He shrugged. "The trick was to weave spells with my body while flooding my vortexes with the extra mana generated by my eyes and then amplify it with my scales.
"It triggered a loop where each auxiliary core increased the mana flow and assisted the Awakening of the rest of the vortexes."
"Isn't that your bloodline secret for the violet?" Nalrond furrowed his brows. "Why are you sharing it with us?"
"Well, duh. You are all family to me so my legacy is your legacy. Also, I don't think that this method might work even for another Tyrant since I'm the only one with these scales." Morok tapped on his skin.
"I'm sharing this information with you because it's still a hint that might help you and Friya to find your own way to achieve the violet."
"That's very kind and smart of you." Quylla stamped her fist kiss on his new face, making the Tyrant turn to a deep shade of purple that wasn't due to the elements coursing through his body.
"Don't be disappointed with the atrophied wings." She said while studying them with a diagnostic spell. "They are an excellent sign. It means that your species has the potential to evolve further. Maybe in a few generations-"
"Why should I be disappointed?" Morok flexed his shoulders, extending his natural mana flow to the bony protuberances. "I was just saving the best for last."
A burst of elemental energy of seven colors erupted from the reversed Vs, forming translucent majestic wings that lifted the Tyrant into the air.
"The wings must have formed after the violet because of their particular nature. The Awakening granted me the scales, the Spirit Eye, and an increase in the mana flow above regular Tyrants.
"The violet core, instead, allowed my body to undergo major changes and develop new organs thanks to Mogar's help." He said while taking Quylla for a spin in the air.