Once they landed, a series of powerful arrays cut off their escape routes, sealing the borders of Setraliie.
They were no different from the standard defense protocols of any major city of the Kingdom but Lith's paranoia bugged him to no end for it. He checked his armor's power core, then that his spell-holding rings were fully charged, and that War was hung to his hip before taking the next step.
Only then did he bother looking at the city and its inhabitants.
Setraliie reminded him of the plant folk city of Laruel since the dwelling of the elves hadn't been carved in the wood of the colossal trees so much as grown, yet at a second glance that was where the similarities ended.
Unlike Laurel, the trees were just regular plants altered with light magic. There was no World Sapling spreading their roots throughout the city and growing new buildings at a moment's notice.
 The road pavement was comprised of marble tiles that had been smoothened and dulled by traffic but not one of them was broken or damaged. The houses at the base of the trees closely resembled human dwellings, with stone walls and sloped roofs.
People all over their path came out of their homes to stare at the newcomers and Lith exploited the open doors to look inside. The stone buildings were poorly furnished and there was barely enough space to host comfortably their occupants.
There was no trace of magic in their clothes and tools while those living at ground level as well but inside a tree trunk had more space, magical light, and a few enchanted appliances.
The higher Lith looked, the more the houses shone to Life Vision and the worse headache the Eyes gave him.
"Elven society is literally vertical." Le'Ahy explained to Lith's puzzled expression. "The poor and those who are useless to society live on the ground. Their duty is to tend the fields and act as a first line of defense in case of enemy assault."
'Meat shields.' Lith thought.
"To buy the warriors the time they need to prepare their spells and equipment." He actually said with a neutral face.
"I know what you are thinking." She sighed, tormenting her hair. "We must seem as cruel and heartless as humans to you, but there's a good reason for this. Elves live for a long time but that doesn't mean they can achieve much.
"With our low birth rate, the life of a single talented individual is worth that of dozens of ordinary people. A single genius can change our society in their lifetime whereas those with no aptitude for magic, science, or fighting are easily replaced.
"That's why only those who give true value to our colony live on the top of the trees, so that an invader has to fight their way up and exhaust their strength before threatening the best among us."
"Two questions." Lith raised one finger. "What if someone comes flying?"
"That's suicidal." She pointed at the dome formed by the arrays that was at its strongest near the treetops. "The arrays are up at all times. We lowered them only to grant you access, my Lord."
"Makes sense." Lith raised the medium finger as well. "Why these precautions, though? As far as I know, there are no monsters in here, and accessing a Fringe is something very few can do."
"To prepare our people to accept their role into our society once we leave this accursed place." There was no warmth in Le'Ahy's gaze as she looked at Setraliie.
No matter how long the elves lived there and how comfortable they had made themselves, the Fringe was still a prison. An act of pity from Mogar because the elves wouldn't be able to survive by themselves.
Over time, gratitude had turned into rage, considering the very existence of their city a mark of infamy. Every day they spent inside a Fringe was a constant reminder of their defeat and weakness.
I think you should take a look at 
Even the richest among Setraliie's elves considered themselves a beggar mooching off Mogar's charity.
"On top of that, we aren't alone in this land. A tribe of Dewan plagues the Fringe and those vermin multiply like the filthy humans that birthed them. With their numbers also grows their desperation and ambition so from time to time, bands of brigands try to take our food, resources, and women.
"They rarely succeed but when they do, we must make sure they don't take anything of value."
"I supposed that such raids are followed by punitive expeditions." Lith said.
"Of course." She nodded. "A few years ago, before a second Fringe merged with our own, we came close to war and had to cull the Dewan numerous times. After that, we have been at peace with them but can't afford to lower our guard."
"Culls?" Lith's tone was of honest disbelief. "Why didn't you just kill them all?"
He had no sympathy for the Dewan after they had broken their sacred oath to Nalrond and tried to sell his friends as slaves. Also, in the elves' shoes, Lith would never risk retaliation.
"I wish we could." She gave him a radiant smile, mistaking his cold logic for rightful indignation. "They are guests of Mogar just like us. When we tried to wipe the Dewan out, the Fringe almost collapsed."
"I see." Lith nodded, feeling her touch becoming gentler and tenderer.
Nemar led them to the biggest tree in Setraliie which grew right in the middle of the city. Lith had never seen anything like that. It resembled a giant sequoia, but its bark was smooth like stone and bore black, red, and blue streaks.
It was no World Sapling but it was still the second biggest tree Lith had ever seen, over 168 meters (551') tall and 22 meters (72') across. Its internal and external surface was covered in runes that only the Eyes of Menadion could reveal due to the cloaking devices.
The ground floor was filled with guards armed to the teeth, wearing Adamant armor and wielding enchanted weapons of outdated design whose blades and spells were still lethal.
  "Make way." Le'Ahy shielded Lith from the spear tips crackling with electricity with her body as she took out of her pocket the badge of her office. "High Chancellor M'Rael summoned our guests in the presence of the Parliament of Leaves."
'High Chancellor? I thought that this was an oligarchy.' In every media Lith knew, such a title usually identified the big bad guy.
'M'Rael?' Faluel needed sheer discipline to hide her surprise.
'You know the guy? I thought this was your first time inside a Fringe as well.' Lith asked.
'You know him too, you moron. At least by name. It's the same guy who ambushed Nalrond and the others on their way out during their first visit.' Faluel replied.
'I do?' Lith thought long and hard about the name but nothing came to his mind.
'We even went over those events with a mind link before getting here! How can you not remember?' The Hydra was flabbergasted.
'Solus usually takes care of these things for me. If not for her, I wouldn't remember the names of most people I know.'