Under the mystical gaze, Lith turned into a Fire Dragon shrouded by blue flames. Only one set of its wings was feathered while the other was membranous and bursting with the same flames that enveloped its body.
A human figure comprised of living darkness emerged from the Dragon's forehead yet the man didn't look like Lith's human form, resembling an Abomination instead. The Dragon and the Abomination both had seven eyes and were intently staring at the High Chancellor in suspicion.
'This is bullshit!' Aalejah thought, cursing M'Rael's active Life Vision for keeping her from using a mind link and herself for having never discussed such matters before, deeming them pointless to the mission.
'I've never met the current World Tree, but if they are anything like the one I served, they'd rather take a walk than share anything without getting something of equal value in return right here and there.
'Only those accepted as apprentice Chroniclers were Awakened and doing that required the Yggdrasill to have their roots seep into our bodies to make up for the impurities elves lack.
'Even our Ygdrasill wood equipment wasn't a gift so much as a means of keeping an eye on us at all times and forcing us back home in case we failed our mission or simply disobeyed our orders.
'And this guy wants me to believe that the new World Tree is so carefree and generous that they gave a complete nobody Awakening, a violet core, and equipment out of the goodness of their heart?
'The new Yggdrasill may be young, but they have inherited the memories of their predecessors and have my people advising them. For every Chronicler who shed sweat, blood, and tears to be Awakened and gave up on their free will for the violet, this would be an insufferable injustice!'
"Nice story, High Chancellor." Lith said while furrowing a single brow in his "annoyed Leegaain" impression. "Too bad that it sounds more like a story than reality. I'm no expert on the World Tree since I've never met one.
"Yet when I first met Lady Eventide, she told me that to become a full-fledged Chronicler she would have to become the Harbinger equivalent of the Yggdrasill, losing part of her free will and privacy.
"When I spoke with Lord Vladion Dragonborn about acquiring Yggdrasill wood, he told me that even he has been refused access to the Fringe of the World Tree and that all his trade proposals has been rejected.
"Are you really trying to convince me that the new World Tree gave so much to you without an excellent reason? You didn't work for them as long as Aalejah and are nowhere as ancient and influential as Vladion.
 "We came here to parlay, but any agreement we reach has no meaning unless there is trust between us. So I'll ask you only once. What's your angle?" Lith pointed his finger at M'Rael while unfolding his feathered wings and letting black-violet flames seethe from his mouth.
'Thank the gods Lith's bad memory only extends to people.' Faluel thought while spreading her bright violet aura and readying for combat. 'He has perfect recollection of everything concerning his own interests.'
"How dare you question me inside my city? Inside my own home?" M'Rael yelled in outrage, his reaction prompting the guards to point their enchanted spears at the now-unwanted guests and imbue them with multiple tier five spells.
"I dare because I'm not stupid." Lith used that time to combine true magic with body casting to weave several spells at once. "If you want our help, you'd better come clean with us.
"Otherwise we're going to leave the Fringe without telling you anything and you are going to pave your road to freedom with the dead bodies of your people. You don't know the ruler of these lands, but I do.
"One word. One word from me and the Overlord of the Desert will treat you like enemies and paint its golden sands red again with your blood." At those words, a Soul Projection appeared above his head.
I think you should take a look at 
It was the Void in its Eldritch form, a living mass of black flames and shadows that crawled up from Lith's shoulders until it stood a couple of meters (7') above his head.
It fully unfolded his wings, hiding from sight those behind him and spreading a thin black mist like when it had first manifested inside the Fringe. The only difference was that the Voidfeather Dragon wasn't interested in pulling the Void down again.
Quite the contrary.
"What in Mogar's name is that?" M'Rael's Soul Vision was showing him the other half of the puzzle, yet it was a puzzle that didn't make sense.
Lith's appearance under Soul Vision had changed. The human figure that until a second ago emerged from the Dragon's forehead was now gone, leaving only the Wyrm behind.
'How is that possible? A person's true nature can't change like that and it's not supposed to be linked to their Soul Projection. On top of that, how can a Dragon carry the mark of an Abomination?
'Whatever the answer is, I can use this to my advantage.' M'Rael thought.
"What are you, creature? A filthy Puppeteer who infiltrated Leegaain's Brood to feed upon the mighty Dragons or are you just planning to become an Abomination to obtain true immortality and conquer Chaos?" He actually said.
"Thoughts cannot lie and everyone here knows that a Soul Projection is simply the manifestation of your deepest desire. I say that you are just a monster who has crept among noble creatures to poison their minds with your lies!"
The elven guards prepared for battle and raised their shields. Such was their fervor that their Soul Projection manifested as well. It took the form of a warrior clad in heavy golden armor, embodying their will to protect the members of the Parliament.
The moment their circular formation moved forward, things escaped everyone's control. Even Lith's. Le'Ahy tried to speak on his behalf and Aalejah activated her staff to calm everyone down.
Faluel let the silver lightning course through her armor and was ready to share it with the others while Ajatar's eyes burned with the emerald energy of Spirit Fusion.
Yet it wasn't the collective might of the emissaries of the Council or the buzzing of the arrays powering up that wreaked chaos in the Parliament. It was the Void slashing at the closest guards, grabbing their Soul Projections by the neck, and lifting them in the air.
The elves to which the Projections belonged suffered the same fate, their feet dangling from the ground and the marks of a clawed hand appearing on their necks.
"Come, little mouse." The Void snarled with its howling voice. "Come closer and say that again to my face, if you dare."
Despite his violet core and the help of the Sage Crown, M'Rael felt his heart throb in his throat from fear. He had been born and raised in the Fringe and his ancestors had lived there for millennia.
He was supposed to know everything about Soul Projections yet nothing made sense. Never before had a Projection manifested a will of its own or the ability to speak and interact with the outside world.