"I should have just mustered the courage to come to you and solve our differences instead of delegating it to Lochra first, then to Malyshka, and my apprentices. I was supposed to be an adult, yet I ran away all my life like a scared child.
"And don't get me started with how stupid I acted when Bytra nearly killed you. After saving your life, I should have stayed with you. Make sure that everything was alright so that we could hunt her down like mother and daughter.
"Instead, I let myself be carried away by my emotions. The trauma from Threin's death almost drove me crazy, affecting my skills. The procedure would have failed if I hadn't already added it to the tower's enchantments.
"I barely succeeded at the cost of gravely injuring my life force. Yet even then I let my rage consume me. I chose to ignore my and your condition, chasing after Bytra like a fool and falling into her trap.
"I had failed to protect my husband and I had almost let my daughter die. I wanted more than revenge. I wanted redemption. I wanted to prove to myself that I was more than a fucking Ruler of the Flames.
"I didn't bother replacing the Fury. I was so stupid that I didn't plan for my fight with Bytra and died for it. My final thoughts were of utter despair because I had disappointed you again. I realized my folly only when it was too late.
"The pain from my deadly wounds was nothing compared to the idea that you would have been alone and starving until someone found you. That even then, you would have been reduced to a mere possession.
"That whatever your new master would do to you, every hardship you were going to endure, it was going to be my fault. I know that every time you needed me the most, I've failed you as a mother. Yet please, Elphyn, I need your forgiveness.
"I've carried this burden for so long that even in death it's killing me." Menadion's echo took one more step forward, getting as close to the young Elphyn as Threin.
"There's nothing to forgive." Solus shook her head. "Dad, I don't remember much of the time we spent together, but I know for certain that everything you did, you did it for me. You always put me first.
"I too wish that you had spent more time training, but if you did, I wouldn't have so many fond memories of us drawing in your study. You never loved magic, you just loved me and wanted to be part of my life.
"I don't know how much time it would have taken you to survive your breakthrough, all I can tell you is that I'm happy to remember you as a loving father instead of an absent man."
"Mom, you were dealt a terrible hand and you did the best you could. As you said, you weren't perfect but neither was I. I never made things easy for you, and no matter what you said, it wouldn't have mattered simply because I refused to listen.
"When I finally grew out of my jerk phase, I too was a coward. I didn't work my ass off in the Forge because I wanted to prove something to you. I did it because I wanted to show you how much I admired you.
"My wish was that, somehow, my works would be able to convey the words I could never speak to you and make up for how badly I treated you in the past. Mom, Dad, please, forgive me."  
She put all of her willpower into her right foot and crossed the space that separated her from her parents.
"I don't know what there's to forgive, but if you need to hear this to move on, then I will." Threin said while lifting the baby girl to his chest. "I forgive you, Epphy. I loved you with all my heart until my last breath and wherever the real Threin is, I'm certain that he feels the same way."
"I forgive you, Epphy." Menadion joined the embrace as warm tears of joy streaked down her face. "The past is in the past now. Please, move forward with your life without feeling burdened by guilt.
"We all made mistakes, but you are still alive. You can still succeed where your parents failed. Be happy, my child."
 "Thanks, Mom. Thanks, Dad. I go by Solus, now." She said, sobbing.
I think you should take a look at 
The embrace lasted just for a few seconds. Long enough for them to enjoy each other's warmth and feel the touch of their loved ones across the barriers of space and time.
Yet it was also brief enough to avoid the echoes to share any of the knowledge they held.
"Good luck, then, Solus Elphyn Menadion." Her parents said while their forms slowly faded into nothingness.
Solus was left alone, back in her adult form and bawling her eyes out. She wrapped herself in her own arms, desperately trying to prolong that warmth just for one more second.
Mogar-Elina stood by her side without saying a word until Solus managed to stop shaking.
"I'm sorry. I wish it could have lasted longer but as I said, no cheating." She said. "You can ask me any other question but know that I won't conjure those echoes again. The result would be the same."
"Thank you, Mogar." A wave of Solus' hand cleaned her from the tear and snot covering her face. "I may have not learned anything, but I've gained something that no knowledge could give me. The chance to meet my parents again.
"Now if you don't mind, I'll leave. I feel too tired to do anything."
"Be well, child. Remember your parents' words but don't forget mine either." Mogar-Elina said while Solus left the Mindscape and returned to her body.
***
Griffon Kingdom, Royal Palace of Valeron, that same day.
Lith's trip to the Fringe was supposed to relieve Constable Kamila Yehval from the overbearing presence of an overpowered and overprotective being who watched her like a hawk.
Alas, reality begged to differ.
"I can't believe that even though Lith knows we've sworn to protect the baby, he still worries so much. It's unhealthy." Constable Tyris Griffon said from her desk that was placed right beside Kamila's.
"I know, it's insulting." Honorary Constable Salaark Phoenix said, her desk on the other side, forming a wall that kept anyone from getting close. "He's an untrustful busybody. Kamila should be free to do the job she loves without feeling like a prisoner of love. Right, dear?"
"Sure, Grandma." Kamila replied while banging her head against her desk in frustration.
Even before the pregnancy altered her body, she was self-conscious of the fact that she was the less attractive female member of the Verhen family. Sitting between the two Guardians, however, cranked the problem up to one thousand.
Their presence drew a lot of attention and she couldn't help but feel like an ugly duckling stuck between a majestic swan and an elegant peacock.
'At least Lith would just glare at people from time to time and work quietly on his research.'