Chapter 2677 From War to… (Part 1)
 
 "A fine balance between offense and defense." Salaark said, making no sense to Lith and Solus who failed to notice the blade's self-imposed harmlessness. "Between creation and destruction." 
 "That's why I decided to rename War into Ragnar?k. The twilight of the old gods and world that yet heralds the dawn of a new beginning. Not just an omen of death, but also of rebirth." Lith spilled a bit more blood to form a sheathe thick enough to seal Ragnar?k and keep it tame. 
 "As long as I'm not included among your dying old gods, I like this name." Salaark replied with a flat tone and a furrowed brow, waiting for clarification before showing any reaction. 
 "Of course you're not included, Grandma." Lith laughed at the preposterous idea. "You are no god. You are family." 
 "Then congratulations on your new weapon!" Salaark gave him a warm smile and opened her arms for an embrace but waited for him to store Ragnar?k away before delivering the hug. "It's good for a young Awakened but crappy for an elder, let alone a Guardian. 
 "Feel free to come visit me whenever Ragnar?k needs an upgrade." 
 "Thanks, Grandma." Lith returned the embrace, patting her back. "Since we are already here, can you please…" 
 A frost glare almost stopped him in his tracks. 
 "Restore what's left of War and Double Edge? I'll reforge them myself but I can't salvage the Dragon bones or the mana crystals without your help." 
 "Granted." She grunted, recycling the destroyed weapons into their basic and pristine components before turning to Solus. "Come here. 
 "I know you went through a lot of bad stuff today, but don't let it scar you forever. Go home, stay with your family, and cry as much as you need. If you need peace, isolation, or just a few personal chefs, the doors of my palace are always open for you." 
 "Thanks, Grandma." Solus hugged the Guardian, feeling the warmth of Salaark's aura give her strength and fearing what would become of her once they left. 
 'Dad had no problems dealing with his trauma when Grandma was around but he also crumbled the moment she walked away.' She thought. 
 "Do you think I should tell everyone about what happened or should I keep quiet?" Solus actually said. "Kami and Mom could get agitated and the stress might affect the babies…" 
 "Don't be silly." Salaark poked on Solus' nose. "Of course you have to tell them. How can the people you love help you in your time of need if you don't let them know you need help in the first place?" 
 "But-" 
 "Great Mother almighty, today I can't catch a break!" Salaark rolled her eyes and Warped everyone in Lutia, including those they had left in the Fringe. 
 "Thank the gods you are back!" Kamila was so happy to see Lith again that she started to tear up. "You have no idea how much I missed you." 
 The thought of being free of her Guardian babysitters took a huge burden off her chest. 
 "I was gone for barely a few days. What the heck has happened during my absence?" He asked in utter confusion. 
 "A lot of things." Leegaain looked annoyed, but said no more. "But I'll say no more until you guys have a few days to recover. You went through even more." 
 "What do you mean?" Everyone but Salaark said in shock, expecting the others to have gone through hell and back. 
 "Before that, I need to know how it went with the elves." Lith turned toward Faluel. 
 "They weren't happy that we've slaughtered so many of them but once the World Tree and Chronicler Eldun explained the truth to them, things took a turn for the better." Faluel replied. 
 "They have to discuss the matters of Jiera again in the light of the recent developments. If you ask me, they are likely to take up our offer anyway." 
 "Why is that?" Solus asked. 
 "Because the Tree stated that all of M'Rael's promises were lies. The Yggdrasill won't do the elves who don't serve them any favors nor will they help the elves to establish their own kingdom. 
 "Their choice is between an eternity of peaceful servitude or a battle for freedom and only one is a choice that they can go back from." 
 "Indeed." Ajatar nodded, staring at Solus and Lith with a mix of envy and annoyance. "We'll talk about our business later. It can wait whereas Solus can't." 
 Between the awkward silence and Solus becoming as pale as a ghost Lith's family started to freak out. 
 "Okay, that's it. What the heck happened inside the Fringe?" Kamila said. 
 Salaark gave everyone a complete version of the events via a mind link, cutting out the violent parts from the version she gave to the children. 
 "Good gods!" Raaz blurted out in outrage. "How could you know all this and do nothing about it, Mother?" 
 "It's not up to me to live the life of others." Salaark shrugged. "I consider Lith as a member of my family, but I won't protect him from the consequences of his own decisions. It's how he's grown into the man he is. 
 "It's how all of my children grow." 
 "Are you alright, dear?" Raaz grabbed Solus by the shoulders. 
 He was the one who could empathize the best with the experience of being taken prisoner and abused by a madman. 
 "Yes. No. I don't know." On the one hand, she wanted to reassure her family that everything was okay but on the other hand, she knew it would be a lie. "And I won't know as long as Grandma is here." 
 "That's why I've taken you here and spilled the beans in your stead. This way, you can have all the support you need and they know exactly what they are dealing with." Salaark said. "Call me if you need me." 
 She opened a Warp Gate leading back to her palace that she crossed while waving with her hand. 
 "Do you want us to leave?" Morok asked in one of his rare fits of kindness. 
 "Yes, thanks. I like you and Ajatar but I barely know you guys." Solus nodded. 
 "Do you want us to stay?" Quylla asked, pointing at Friya and Nalrond. 
 She was the only member of the group to have experienced a slave spell and she knew how it could mess with its victim's head. 
 "Yes, please." 
 "Do you want to talk or would you like a bit of silence?" 
 "I don't know." Now that Salaark was gone, Solus wanted to cry, fall apart, and run away at the same time. 
 "I do!" Leegaain stood up. "In cases like yours, literature suggests-" 
 "To shut the farm up and not overstay your welcome!" Salaark dragged him past the still-opened Gate that closed instantly. 
 Without the Guardians, the house fell into an uncomfortable silence. No one knew what to say, afraid that they might hurt Solus' feelings or make it harder for her to open up. 
 They waited for her to talk first, but Solus was at a loss for words. She felt hurt, humiliated, protected, and calm at the same time. Seconds turned into minutes, but no word was uttered even after half an hour had passed.