2684 The Right Way (Part 2)
"Now that I think about it, when I accepted your marriage proposal and achieved the violet, Grandma told me that the secret lay in allowing myself to feel love whereas this time the Voidfeather had to let himself be poisoned by the Void's hate to merge with him.
"In a way, it was a step to the side if not even back. How could I not think about this sooner? How could no one do it?" Lith blurted out loud in surprise. 
"Maybe because you and Solus are still shaken to your bones from today's events? Maybe because the others went through a lot as well and they have their own burden to carry? Also, consider that neither Leegaain nor Salaark-"
"Grandma!" The Overlord's angry voice cut her short.
"Privacy, dammit!" Kamila raised her fist with the middle finger extended since she had failed to sit up. "Leave us alone, Grandma, okay?" 
No answer followed so Kamila decided to believe they were alone. The clock marking past midnight and the beginning of Salaark's shift said otherwise.
"Neither Leegaain nor Grandma would tell you anything even if they knew. Were they to do it, they would screw up your path toward the bright violet and Guardianhood. Something I feel they are both invested in." She waited for a reply, but Salaark remained silent. 
"If that's the wrong way, then what's the right one?" Lith pinched his nose in frustration. 
"I don't know." Kamila brought herself up so that he could rest on her bosom as she caressed his head. "And based on what Mogar confirmed to you, neither does she. Mogar doesn't really know the future, she just makes up answers from the data she collects. 
"That's why her answers in the Mindspace are sometimes nebulous. She has probably just theories that were she to share with you might compromise the final result. Luckily for us, I can take a guess based on my extensive knowledge of you." 
"Off the top of my head, the right way must come natural, not be forced again." Kamila raised her index finger. "Also, it must start from your human side, like back when I proposed. 
"This time the Void and the Dragon reached an agreement despite you, not because of you." She raised her middle finger as well.
"You were so cut out of the whole deal that they shared their abilities with you and vice versa as a side effect, not as something intentional. Last, but not least, it's not a matter of power, but of acceptance." 
Kamila raised her ring finger.
"Remember Mogar's answer about the bright violet core? The pieces don't fit so you must make them fit to each other."
"How?" Lith looked at her with eyes filled with hope.
"I don't know." She giggled. "I'm glad for your vote of confidence but don't overestimate me. Even when baby-powered, I'm still just a Constable." 
She threaded her fingers into his and then covered her hands in black scales, prompting him to do the same. Kamila used the Dragons' bloodline ability to share their emotions through physical contact to express her faith in him.
By holding hands and without saying one word, she told Lith many things.
She shared with him her confidence that he would find a way to make things with his life forces right and that she wasn't scared of any death threat as long as he was by her side.
Through her scales, Kamila let Lith know that she would still love and accept him regardless of the changes that fusing his life forces might bring to his mind and physical appearance.
Lith felt his chest tighten and his eyes misting. The contact through Dragon scales was deeper than a mind link. Not only those thoughts couldn't lie but they also brought with them waves of warm and sweet emotions. 
"Thank you." He said with both his voice and scales.
"No, thank *you* for being you." She buried her face in his chest, giggling like a little girl due to his reply that she could feel through her scales.
Among the bloodline abilities that Elysia granted her, Kamila loved the Dragon scales the most. They didn't give her strength nor did they boost her magic yet they gave her everything she truly wanted. 
The scales connected mother and daughter, giving Kamila the certainty that Elysia was well and felt safe and protected. They also connected husband and wife, giving her the safety and reassurance of being loved beyond what mere words could express.
The scales were more than the proof of the connection between the family of three that lay in the canopy bed, they were the connection itself.
The fear and worry from Leegaain's words faded away, drowned in the love she felt crashing against her hands. Kamila fell asleep soon after, knowing that whatever the tomorrow would bring it would be good. 
*** 
The next morning, the couple was walking toward the dining room while chatting. Since Elina had trouble getting up early and Lith helped Kamila in the morning, Rena was now in charge of the morning breakfast.
She loved to be the one taking care of her family for once but she also felt disappointed by the lukewarm reception of her goodwill.
"Why can't Uncle Lith cook?" Leria pouted.
"Leria!" Senton scolded her. "How can you be so ungrateful? You should appreciate your mother's efforts."
"I do appreciate them, but I'm also hungry!" Leria rebuked. "I want the good stuff, not the bland food Mom cooks." 
"Leria!" Senton was about to scold her when a hand grabbed his wrist. 
 "I agree with you, brother-in-law." Aran kept his voice calm and composed, giving his best Lith impression. "She's a rude little prick..."
"It takes one to know one!" Leria snarled.
"But she's right. Where's the ice cream? Where are the pancakes and the hot chocolate?" His tone was solemn, as if they were talking about the bare survival necessities. "Do you call this a breakfast?" 
Aran pointed at the steaming feast on the table that ranged from porridge to eggs and bacon. Various kinds of fruit juice and hot beverages were placed evenly, making the composition and the meal worthy of a noble household.  
"By the gods, how spoiled are you kids?" Senton couldn't believe his ears. 
"Breakfast!" Garrik ran into the kitchen with the enthusiasm and energy of a five years old who had been locked away his whole life. "Thank you, Auntie. It smells delicious." 
"It was my pleasure, young man." Rena sniffled.
At first, the idea of waking up under the same roof as the Fomor and her child had upset Rena a bit, but now she was moved by Garrik's kindness and joy at the simplest things. 
Meanwhile, Lith and Kamila walked slowly arm in arm, her head leaning on his shoulder.
"I love how strong Divine Beasts are. You give the expression 'pitching a tent' a literal meaning." She said with a giggle. 
"Kami!" Lith blushed up to his ears.
"What? I just meant to say I'm always happy to help you put it down." The more her body changed, the more she felt self-conscious about it so she loved it when Lith manifested how he found her attractive anyway.
.