2690 Lith's Gala (Part 2)
"I never blamed either of you for what happened to my Little Flower. When Phloria started her military career, Lith, you weren't even together anymore. She did what she wanted to do.
"You intervened solely upon my request to help Quylla with her research on the Odi and it's thanks to you that both my daughters came back alive from that nightmare in Kulah.
"You went to save them again at the Feymar mines and helped Phloria to Awaken not to turn her into your slave but because you didn't want her to die. Once her apprenticeship with Faluel was over, you left my Little Flower free to do what she wanted.
"She joined the War of the Griffons by her own will and she kept fighting after your banishment from the Kingdom.
"Phloria did it for the honor of her family and to protect the country she loved. So stand up because I won't let you insult her memory by apologizing for being a good friend to her."
Orion offered Lith his hand to help him get back to his feet and Lith took it.
"I never hated you or War. You two did it everything you could. The only person I hate besides Thrud is myself." The Lord of House Ernas stared at his own hands with fury, as if they had betrayed him.
"I'm the one who filled her head with dreams about the Knight Guard. I put the first sword in her hand and taught her about magic. I pushed her down the path that led Phloria to her death like an idiot!"
Orion yelled every word, at the top of his lungs finding himself out of breath quickly.
"I watched you two fight. Especially after Thrud kidnapped my Little Flower.
"I never cared for the people you killed or the cities you set ablaze. I secretly cheered for you, begging you to kill so many people that Thrud would be forced to choose whether to release Phloria or rule over a bunch of ruins.
"If you ever saw disappointment on my face, it wasn't about you. I was disappointed in myself because I wanted to be out there, doing even worse things than you instead of playing general from the safety of Valeron's walls.
"Yet I was nowhere as strong as you. Not a day passes since then that I don't hate myself for my weakness." Orion's voice became low, filled with self-loathing and spite.
"You treated Phloria right until her last breath. You did everything I asked you and for that, you have my gratitude. I've avoided you not because I resent you but because seeing you reminds me of my failures as a man and a father.
"So stand tall, Lith. And thank you for saving War." Orion clasped Lith's forearm and Lith returned the gesture of brotherhood of the Kingdom's elite forces.
"Ragnarök." The blade said while standing up.
"A fitting name." Orion nodded. "Wish I thought about it. War ended up being an ill omen."
"I will stop apologizing only if you stop hating yourself, Orion." Lith said. "Even during her year-long trial, Phloria never blamed you for her choices. Her love for magic and for this country made her the person she was and she got them both from you.
"Don't be angry with yourself for being a good father. You gave Phloria everything she could dream of but once she left your arms, her life was her own. You can't blame yourself for her choices.
"We both could have locked her away somewhere and maybe she would still be alive. But I'm sure that she wouldn't be the person we love anymore. We would have killed her with our own hands and tainted even the good memories we have of her"
"I know." Orion nodded. "But it's hard to keep living without her. I need someone to blame. I need it to find the strength to keep moving"
"I know." Lith patted Orion's shoulder seeing himself in Orion's eyes.
He was glad to have faced Orion and cleared their relationship. Also, he was a bit scared of Ragnarök's body or whatever that was.
Yet none of it helped Lith with his issues. He knew that Orion was just like him and that there was nothing they could do to help each other.
***
On the day of Lith's birthday, the preparations for the Royal Gala had been completed, double-checked by Jirni just to be safe, and triple-checked by the Queen just to be safer.
She knew the reputation of the Miser Magus all too well and she couldn't risk that he would cut corners to save a few coins.
For the first time since the construction of the Manor had been completed, the garden was filled with luxurious stagecoaches and DoLoreans from the guests while the Main Hall was filled with people.
Lith had just turned twenty but the stress made him feel over one hundred years old.
Aside from his family and friends, the guests were people he didn't like nor did he care about. A Royal Gala had nothing to do with fun and friendship, it was all about networking and politics.
 There were going to be Royals, nobility, people from the Awakened Council, the Fringe in the Blood Desert, and from the Empire. 
Following the protocol of Royal events, Kamila and Lith stood at the main entrance of the Mansion, welcoming the most important guests as soon as they stepped out of their enchanted stagecoaches.
Only guests of secondary importance would use the private Warp Gate.
It seemed a contradiction only until one discovered that while the people brought by carriage/DoLorean had already been identified, searched, and could take part in the Gala upon their arrival, those using the Gate would be detained until the security checks were completed.
It meant a longer queue, a short interrogation, and the impossibility of being announced by the page at the entrance. Hence those coming out of the Gate had to introduce themselves to all the other guests even if they had arrived after them.
Usually, the hosts of the event had to stand up the whole time but due to Kamila's status she was allowed a chair and to sit in between greetings.
For the occasion, Lith wore his Supreme Magus white robe over his high uniform of the Kingdom. The Royals had gifted him a brooch shaped like his family's insignia that he wore on the scarf on his neck.
The Dragon was carved out of a black diamond, the tower from a white one, while the crossed sword and staff were made out of gold and silver that framed the gemstones. To avoid pointless friction with the nobles, Lith only had his membranous wings out.
They rested upon his shoulder like a mantle, creating a stark contrast with the Mage Robe. Just enough to remind everyone of his true nature and hint at his prized creation, Void Magic.
Kamila, instead, wore a red evening dress that left her shoulders, neck, and arms exposed. The silk of the fabric was embroidered in gold, creating a feathered pattern. She wore the original Camellia on her hearth, another as a corsage, and her parure was made of gold crafted to resemble the mystical flower.