2691 Powers at Play (Part 1)
Kamila's set of jewels consisted of a necklace, earrings, and a tiara, all decorated with magical flaming camellias.
"Lith, my boy, I'm so proud of you!" Professor Zogar Vastor was the first of the important guests to arrive. "I hope that the inside of this place is as impressive as the outside."
He pointed at the decorative arrays that encompassed the Mansion up to the Trawn woods. Lith had combined Light Mastery and magical formations to light everything as day while also placing animated sculptures in key places.
Fireworks exploded in a loop, illuminating the night sky and forming the shapes of Dragons, Phoenixes, and Griffons. On the way that led from the carriages to the entrance, there were holograms depicting a younger Lith accompanied by one of his late friends.
A four years old Lith stood near Count Trequill Lark, at twelve with Marchioness Mirim Distar, at fifteen with Phloria, and at seventeen with Manohar. The statues recounted the journey of the Supreme Magus and how despite those precious friends were now dead, they still lived in his memory.
"I hope it's better" Lith replied with a warm smile. "My father, Orion, and I worked hard to make this event memorable."
"I'm sure it will be." Zinya suffered greatly from etiquette forbidding her from embracing even her sister. "You are glowing, Kami. I can't wait to have to opportunity to give you a proper welcome inside. Come on, kids."
"Thanks for your hospitality, Uncle Lith. Aunt Kami." Filia and Frey gave their hosts respectively a curtsy and a bow, showing a perfect knowledge of Court etiquette.
 "Thank you for coming, young mistress and lord." Lith said with a chuckle. "Get in. Your posse is waiting for you. I promise you that you won't get bored like at the other galas." 
"Good job, kid. See you inside." Tezka the Suneater walked right behind the kids in the form of a huge wolfish fox with silvery and black fur.
He wore a big black bowtie that marked him as a guest and an authorized pet.
"Thank you for allowing Father to be by our side on this day. I'm sure that if he were here today, his monocle would jump out of his eye socket in joy at least once a minute." Count Jadon Lark said and as if on cue, Lark's hologram delivered.
"In life, Dad would have killed to be here so in death, maybe he'll resurrect!" Countess Keyla Lark, Jadon's sister, had to wipe out an insistent tear at the familiar performance.
"Get inside and have some fun." Kamila held Kelya's hand tight, consoling her to the best etiquette allowed her. "The nearest bathroom is on the left. First corridor, first door. You can't miss it."
"Thanks." The Larks entered with their respective families.
"Hey, Lith. Thanks for the invitation. My missus couldn't believe it when we received your call, right dear?" Baron Eiros Wyalon from Jambel said to his wife, Mirias.
"I was just overwhelmed." The usual pallor of the Baroness was alleviated by a light makeup and an insistent blush of pride. "I can never thank you enough for the gift of your friendship."
Mirias Wyalon usually avoided public ceremonies in the presence of her husband, yet on that day she couldn't pass the opportunity to flaunt her blessing. Not only had she been invited personally by the Supreme Magus of the Kingdom but she had also come riding a DoLorean.
Aside from the Royals and a few of the most important noble families, no one had one of those wonders of magic. Mere Barons like Mirias and Eiros were the subject of the envious gazes of Dukes and Arch Dukes, something that Mirias wouldn't miss for the world.
"The pleasure is mine." Lith replied with a small bow. "Please, get inside. I made sure that both of you will like the party."
After them came the Distars, Brinja and Ainz. They both appreciated the life-like statue of Mirim and the grace with which she greeted the guests. Then came Professor Duke Marth and his wife, Ryssa the Dryad.
"It's a nice garden, but it could have been better if you asked my help." Ryssa shook the hands of her hosts with a bright smile. "Nice to see you outside the Royal Court, Kami. How do you feel?"
"Exhausted. I can't wait for this to be over." Yet the long line of carriages disagreed with her. "Please don't start fights but don't pull punches if someone provokes you. You have my permission."
"You got it." The dryad chuckled, having her biceps triple its size for a split second.
"Thank you for coming, Professor Marth. How's Dhiral?" Lith asked.
"Getting better at running away." Marth sighed. "Thank the gods he has no idea where to go and scares easily so at worst we find him under a table."
Orion and Jirni froze for a second at the vision of the younger version of their late daughter but thanked their hosts only with a brief nod of the head, walking in quickly to not pointlessly prolong Lith's and Kamila's duty.
Nalrond came with Friya, Quylla with Morok, Selia and Ryman arrived with their kids, and Faluel came accompanied by both Ajatar and her mother, Fyrwal.
Last, but far from least, came the Royal Couple.
It was part of the tradition so that at the moment of their arrival, they would be announced to all the other guests. It made them the only couple aside from the hosts of the Gala that wouldn't have to introduce themselves to anyone.
"You Majesty." Lith gave the King and Queen a deep bow while Kamila went as low as she could without falling over. "It's an honor having you here."
"Supreme Magus Verhen." Meron nodded in welcome. "Thanks for having us and for honoring our fallen. Too many people are eager to forget about the past and the lessons we should learn from it."
The King still had a few grey streaks in his hair due to the forbidden ritual but was otherwise back to his full strength. He wore his high uniform, similar to Lith's but white and golden.
A red-furred long cloak rested on his shoulders and he had the Sword of Saefel hung on his hip as badge of his office.
The Queen wore an elegant and elaborate evening dress with no neckline. The jewels and decorations on the fabric depicted the day of the coronation of the first King and Queen.
Her arms would have been exposed if not for the white evening gloves she wore. They highlighted the golden rings on her fingers, each with a precious gemstone the size of a nut.
Just by selling the raw materials of her necklace, earrings, and crown, one could build the Verhen Mansion ten times over.
"Please, don't bow, Baroness Verhen." Sylpha grabbed Kamila's hand. "I remember well how awkward the last trimester is and the law dispenses you from these niceties. See you inside."
Four Royal Guards each wearing a Royal Fortress armor in battle mode followed them in a square formation. Their helmets were closed shut and their identities a secret, allowing them to skip formalities.
In the Main Hall, Tista was taking care of the guests.