2695 Special Guests (Part 1)
Son of a fox!' Vastor inwardly cursed. 'Lith and Tezka have found a way to both strengthen Lith's influence in the Royal Court and clear up my name. By linking Tezka with Maekosh and Lith's house, people will stop wondering why Zinya's children were protected by such a powerful beast.
Lith made it all about himself and Tezka played along with the help of the cloaking ring's Orion and I made for Jirni. Unless the Royals use Invigoration on Tezka, his energy signature is different from the children's steeds.
'Also, Tezka gained the ability to control multiple bodies only after becoming a hybrid so the Royals can't even consider the possibility that it's always the same fox. 
"A copper coin for your thoughts, dear." Zinya drew his attention by kissing his cheek. 
"I was just thanking the gods for having such good friends." Vastor nodded at the charade in front of them. "Also, I was eating my liver as an appetizer. Even a huge furred fox is more courted than me."
A few noble ladies didn't seem to mind the race difference much. 
Not after how successful Kamila's marriage seemed to be. Not after hearing that Tezka was that ancient and so powerful that he made the Royals quiver and hand him the Magus title.
Having him in their household would have meant becoming the real royal family and their bloodline would birth heroes who would be sung by bards forever. 
"Only because they are as blind as they are dumb." Zinya kissed him again, this time on the lips. "Time and pressure make diamonds, dear. Those unwilling to dirty their hands a bit to look for something precious will always have to settle for shiny stuff that anyone can have." 
"Thanks." Vastor's envy faded away and he and Zinya went to join the conversation.
Tezka feigned absolute ignorance toward Vastor but bowed to Zinya, making people gasp.
"After looking after you for so long I feel like I know you a bit. Who's this guy?"
"My husband. Professor Zogar Vastor." Zinya replied with a curtsy, completely unfazed by the imposing presence of her trusted nanny.
 "Oh, yes. I've read your papers about Body Sculpting, but I've never put a face on the name." The Fylgja's eyes widened in recognition. "Simply brilliant." 
More gasps followed the praise, making Vastor turn to a shade of purple.
"That said, I've worked with Wargs to achieve my current condition, Your Majesty. I can assure you they are a proud and trustworthy race. Their natural evolution, the Hati, must be even better. Treat them right and they'll do the same."
"Thank you, Lord Tezka." Syrah's tail waggled like crazy and her voice was hoarse as if she had something stuck in her throat.
"Are there any more surprises before the ball starts, Magus Verhen?" The longer Sylpha resisted Tezka's pressure, the more she recovered her usual unflinching bearing. 
"A couple." At a wave of Lith's hands, two more groups of guests walked inside the Main Hall, each garnering the same attention and respectful admiration as Tezka.
One was the delegation from Setraliie which was comprised of elven warriors of rare power and beauty. Unlike Br'ey, their skin glowed like there was a star hidden in their hearts and the grace with which they moved was out of this world.
The second group was heterogeneous but just as imposing. Kalla, Nyka, and several undead from the Eclipsed Lands marched united under Vladion's and Ilthin's banners. 
The Firstborn Vampire and Banshee revealed their identity and power, making people wonder if Lith had gone crazy. The number of eldritch horrors under his roof seemed to never end. 
Lith introduced them according to protocol and made it clear they were his guests under the bond of hospitality. Any disrespect toward them would be also aimed at him and he took full responsibility for the actions of his proteges.
"My name is Le'Ahy Birdsong, Your Majesty." She gave a curtsy to Lith first, then the Royals, and then to the rest of the guests in descending order of power. "I'm the ambassador from the vine city of Setraliie and I've come here to swear our allegiance to Lord Verhen's cause."
No one missed how she linked her oath to Lith instead of the Kingdom, making it clear who held the leash. 
"We are going to help the Griffon Kingdom in its efforts to colonize Jiera and we are willing to act as mediators with the rest of our kin in order to bring more vine cities to join your cause."
"Thanks for the great news you bring us, Lady Birdsong. Please, join the celebrations and be merry." The King's brain spun at full gear while assessing the implications of the time, place, and wordings of her declaration.
For someone who hates politics, Verhen is damn cunning. I had no idea he knew where to find elves.'He said to Sylpha via a mind link. 'He got us completely blindsi- '
"Phyrile here is willing to be your hostage and concubine as proof of our sincerity." When Le'Ahy said those words Meron gulped hard and Sylpha's eyes almost popped out in outrage. 
"I beg your pardon?" The King tried to defuse the situation, certain that there had to be a mistake in the translation from Elvish language to Mogarian. 
"You are renown to be a valiant and powerful King." Le'Ahy spoke slowly and softly, like to a dumb child, to make sure that nothing was lost in the translation from Elvish language to Mogarian. "Phyrile would be honored to teach you about our customs and carry your seed."
"Over my dead body!" Sylpha roared, staring at the youthful and stunning elf maiden like at an assassin wielding a poisoned knife. 
"That can be arranged but it would be an incredibly rude act on our side, even with your agreement." Le'Ahy looked more and more puzzled. "Are you sure that's what you want?" 
"You little-"
"There's a misunderstanding here." Lith stopped the mediation before the Queen went on a rampage.
He briefly explained elven customs and how Phyrile wasn't a homewrecker but was doing the Royals the highest honor Setraliie could award a non-elf. Then, he briefly explained the customs of the Kingdom about marriage, drawing amazed gasps from the elves.
"What about the undead delegation?" King Meron rushed to change the topic, seeing the embers of war smoldering in Sylpha's eyes. 
"Vladion, if you please?" Lith stepped back, letting the Firstborn Vampire explain himself.
"Your Majesty." He gave everyone a bow performed according to an etiquette that didn't care about mating potential. "I'm here on behalf of the Eclipsed Lands and the Gorgon Empire to offer you an alliance."
"An alliance?" Sylpha snapped out of her fury, setting the elven vixen on the back burner. For now.
"Yes, My Queen." Vladion nodded. "We don't have your Trains, but our flying fortresses give us an edge you don't have. Also, all the time, energy, and resources you poured into fighting Thrud the Empire employed them to plan the colonization of Jiera.
"I lived there for millennia before the plague. I know the continent like the back of my hand and so do my retainers." He waved at the undead at his service.
.