Chapter 2698  Private Party (Part 2)
 
 "I have nothing against Lady Yehval, mind you, it's just there's no comparison between them." 
 Under any other circumstance, the fact that those people called Kamila by her maiden name and drew painful comparisons that she did herself often would have greatly hurt her but not today. 
 Kamila had taken off her evening gloves during the dance to keep her scales in contact with Lith's. The love he felt while looking at her and how his heart pounded whenever he brushed against her baby bump filled her with confidence. 
 'Dragons must be the happiest creatures on Mogar.' She thought. 'No doubts, no worries. Only certainties.' 
 Once Lith had danced with his whole family, including Leria and Filia, it was time for the friends. He went to Orion and Jirni and asked for their permission. They both went pale while Friya's and Quylla's eyes watered a bit but they all agreed. 
 Lith returned to the center of the dancefloor alone and before anyone could question his actions, he conjured Phloria's hologram. 
 The construct wore an emerald evening dress and white evening gloves, emphasizing her gold-colored skin due to the lack of colors in the projection. 
 The dress was skin-tight, with a neckline that somehow exerted a push-up effect. The construct wore part of its hair down, like a silky black waterfall that reached its tights, while the rest formed a tress resembling a wreath over its head. 
 The ballgown was decorated with flower-shaped small jewels and Lith's golden lily pendant was the only necklace the construct wore, drawing attention to Phloria's slim neck. 
 The construct was dressed like the last time they had danced at a Gala and wore the same smile. The apparition threw the ballroom into silence until the music started. 
 'Quylla was right.' Lith thought. 'I can't let Phloria's death force me to forget every good moment we spent together. She gave me so much and putting her out of my life just because her memory hurts would be damn ungrateful of me.' 
 The construct moved with grace, its feet lithe as they followed the rhythm. Unlike the dress and jewels, Phloria's projection looked like Solus back when she had her energy body. 
 She was entirely golden, making her recognizable but lacking many features to not make the apparition too painful to watch. 
 'One day, I'll give you color but not today.' Lith thought. 'I miss you too much, Phloria Ernas. You are the first woman who ever loved me unconditionally despite we shared no bond. 
 'I wish that back when you were still alive, I took the time to let you know how much you meant to me.' 
 Lith kept the construct only for one dance and then resumed the regular schedule. 
 The rest of the Gala was as pleasant as that kind of events filled with envy and petty grudges can be. At least, however, it was uneventful. 
 *** 
 The following day, Verhen Mansion. 
 Lith's social birthday was celebrated the day before so that at midnight the date would overlap with his real birthday while also leaving him the time to celebrate solely with family and friends. 
 This time, on top of the Ernas, the Larks, the Distars, and Zinya, there were also the members of Zelex's senate. 
 "You didn't have to invite us twice, Lord Verhen." Syrah felt embarrassed by the confidence and trust shown to her and her family. 
 "Just call me Lith, Syrah." Lith shrugged her objections off. "Also, you are Rena's friend which is enough to qualify for an invitation. Please, just be kind to Ryla and especially to Garrik. 
 "Whatever isolation you experienced, they had it worse and they were also alone whereas at least you had your husband." 
 Syrah pondered his words, but the reason she had accepted was another. Her kids loved the sun, the woods, the food, and the Fastarrows. 
 The young Hati felt shunned by the outside world and were scared of strangers but they felt at ease with the Skoll and the magical beasts. As much as Syrah resented Lith, she liked Rena and her own children more. 
 "I'm sorry for missing the party yesterday, little brother." Zoreth said with a deep sigh. "But today Byt and I are all yours." 
 The Shadow Dragon and the Fourth Ruler of the Flames had skipped the official party to avoid being seen with Vastor. The Eldritches usually avoided the Court but a few people still knew them as the Professor's nieces. 
 If someone pointed out their relationship and a Guardian were to hear it, they would immediately realize the real identity of the Master. 
 "Don't worry, Zor." Kamila gave her a warm smile. "What matters is that you are here today. Elysia missed her godmother." 
 Those words were enough to make the Eldritch tear up like a baby, hugging Kamila first and her belly second. 
 "Thanks. Auntie missed you too, baby girl." Zoreth said. 
 "Auntie will kill entire races to keep you safe." Xenagrosh said while becoming covered in black scales. 
 "That won't be necessary." Leegaain patted her daughter's back, stopping her shapeshifting back and forth from loving human to merciless Eldritch. "We all are going to protect Elysia until she comes of age." 
 He waved at Tyris and Salaark who were there as well. The members of the Nest and of the Brood took it as their cue for a huge hurrah and cheers. 
 That day there were enough Phoenixes and Dragons assembled in the Mansion that they could burn the whole Garlen to ashes in a matter of minutes if provoked. 
 "I've brought gifts!" Bytra handed Lith baby clothes with more protective enchantments than threads, toys safe for the baby and dangerous for everyone else, and a crib equipped with a force field and an automated milk bottle system. 
 "Thanks." Lith was flabbergasted but happy. 
 He had thought of making them as well, but he lacked the time, skill, and materials to succeed. 
 "Don't mention it." The Raiju stamped a huge kiss on his cheek, then Kamila's, and then her baby bump. 
 "I'm sorry Zogar couldn't make it." Kamila said to her sister. 
 "Me too." Zinya replied, knowing he was actually absent on purpose. "But you know how busy life in the academy is. He can't take two days off in a row." 
 After the gift exchanges and pleasantries were done, Quylla and Morok walked up to Lith and Solus. 
 "He has something he wants to say to you." Quylla pointed at the Tyrant. 
 "I'm sorry for calling you Lith's secret girlfriend all this time." Morok gave Solus an apologetic bow. "Now that Quylla explained everything to me, I realize how rude and inconsiderate I was." 
 "Don't mention it." Solus blushed in embarrassment at his unusual thoughtful behaviour. "That's what everyone thought before knowing the full story. They just worded their concerns in a more polite way." 
 "Thank you for your forgiveness." He gave her another bow. "Can I ask you a few questions or is it rude?" 
 "Shoot. I can't promise I will answer if it gets too personal, though." Solus chuckled. 
 "I don't think it's personal so much as setting a baseline to get to know each other." Morok pondered. "I mean, I was wrong all this time. You aren't Lith's secret girlfriend, more like Kamila's secret wife, correct?"