Chapter 2699  Talent and Mana (Part 1)
 
 "I beg your pardon?" Solus became a deep shade of purple. 
 "Well, you and Lith share one body and one life, it's also natural to share the wife." Morok shrugged. 
 "No, it's not!" Solus and Quylla said in unison while Lith laughed his ass off. 
 "No need to be such a prude. I know that you've been just a voice in Lith's head. You were there while he checked the goods and took the test rides with his previous girlfriends. Yes or no?" 
 "Yes, but-" Solus regretted having ever left the stone ring. 
 "So when he decided to wife Kamila up, you must have given him your approval. Their relationship wouldn't have lasted that long if you constantly nagged against it." Morok pointed out. 
 "That's true but it's not like that. I have my own body now, see?" She waved her pink hand in front of his eyes and grabbed his hand to let him feel her warmth. "We don't share Kamila, okay?" 
 "I see." Morok nodded. "So it's you and Kamila who share Lith." 
 "Excuse you?" Kamila joined the fray. 
 "I mean, he's legally married to one and magically married to the other. There's nothing to be ashamed of. Lucky bastard." 
 "What did you say?" Quylla glared at him. 
 "Hey, my heart has space only for you, sweetie, but Lith's is clearly more spacious." Suddenly Lith wasn't laughing anymore. "Just out of curiosity, are you three exclusive or it's more like the more the merrier? 
 "It would explain why yesterday all those chicks wanted a piece of Lith, or better of his d-" 
 "Morok!" Lith, Quylla, Kamila, Solus, and even Friya yelled in unison. 
 "Okay, fine. Great Mother almighty, no need to ruffle your feathers like that. I was just asking for a friend." Morok shrugged and left. 
 "I'm sorry." Quylla bowed and then turned around to chase him. "I need to make sure he doesn't get himself killed!" 
 their homage before allowing themselves to disturb the party with their chirping. 
 14:33 
 "Where's Tezka?" Salaark still found the quarrel hilarious but for Kamila's sake she giggled instead of guffawing. 
 "I didn't bring him today, Overlord." Zinya gave her a curtsy. "I know you two have your differences and there's no need for him today." 
 She waved at the Guardians and the Divine Beasts present. Even the crickets paid their homage before allowing themselves to disturb the party with their chirping. 
 "Do you mind calling him? I need to talk with Tezka." Salaark said. "Our conversation will be peaceful and under the rules of hospitality. You have my word that no harm will befall him unless the Suneater strikes first." 
 "I can ask him, but I can't promise more." Zinya stuttered. 
 "That's more than enough, thank you." The Overlord gave her a nod of the head yet it was enough to make Zinya's hands quiver for the honor given to her. 
 "What's up, little sparrow?" Tezka Chaos Warped, this time wearing no clothes. 
 His silver and black fur shone under the sunlight, both reflecting and absorbing its rays in equal measure. 
 "I have an offer for you, old fox." Salaark didn't mind the teasing but the same couldn't be said about her children. 
 They didn't like the disrespect nor that the Eldritch often remarked that he was the older of the two. 
 "I'm listening." Tezka took a flute and a steak. 
 "I want to resume our fight from where it was interrupted millennia ago. I want to see how much stronger we both have become." She said, plunging the garden into a shocked silence. 
 "It would be a non-lethal spar." Salaark quickly added after seeing how pale Zinya and her children had become. "We go all-out but we stop before the bitter end. I swear it on my warrior's honor." 
 "Why should I accept?" Tezka sounded more curious than worried. "What's in it for me?" 
 "The same thing there's in it for me." The Overlord replied. "Don't think that I'm blind to the Master's machinations. Your little pack is preparing for something big. Something that might even put you against the Guardians." 
 "And?" The lack of care in the Suneater's voice was astounding. 
 If he felt threatened by the presence of Salaark and her Nest, it didn't show. Those like Crevan who had met Tezka in the past could feel that he had changed deeply but they couldn't understand how or how much, no matter how long they studied him with their mystical senses. 
 "And it's very hard finding a decent challenge. Especially for you. Am I right?" 
 "Gods if I wish you weren't." Tezka sighed, showing the first emotion since his appearance. 
 Annoyance. 
 "No matter how powerful they are, people like Thrud are like kids to you." Salaark continued. "They are young, inexperienced, and boring. To understand how truly powerful you have become and spot the areas where you are still lacking, you need a true opponent. 
 "Someone like me. We both get to learn something new about you and we work up some sweat. It's been a long time since my last spat with Zagran and our fights are getting kind of repetitive. I need a real challenge as well." 
 "Okay." Tezka finished his drink and finished his steak. "State your terms and conditions. I'm not falling for any trap or loophole." 
 "My terms are as simple as my laws!" Salaark flared up in anger. "I follow the spirit of my promises. I don't nitpick with wording. We'll meet on my turf in two days so that we both have the time to prepare. 
 "Our fight will be no holds barred, but also non-lethal. If either of us understands the other has lost, we stop. If the other surrenders, we stop. Also, I promise you safe passage in and out of my territory, no matter who wins and who loses. 
 "Whoever stands on your path once we are done will face my wrath. I will stop at nothing and no one until you are safe. Do we have a deal?" Salaark extended her hand to him. 
 "Yes, but I have a few conditions of my own." Tezka opened his hand but he didn't take Salaark's. 
 "Like what?" The Overlord furrowed her brow in confusion. 
 "I want the kids to watch our fight." The Suneater pointed at Filia and Frey. "I want them to enjoy the same protection you offer me." 
 "Why?" Both Zinya and Salaark asked. 
 "Because I care for them." Tezka replied. "Because even though their mana core is weak, there's talent in their small bodies. Because I have no heirs nor disciples and I want to leave behind a few lessons in case something were to happen to me. 
 "Last, but not least, I want them to witness the full scope of my powers. I want them to see their Uncle Tezka as a cool warrior instead of a bloody murderer for once." 
 "Don't say that, Uncle." Frey grabbed the Fylgja's massive leg. "You are one of the good guys. You saved me, my sister, and Mom countless times." 
 "Sure thing, buddy." Tezka's hand was so big that its palm alone matched the boy's head. "Sure thing." 
 Salaark looked at the scene in utter disbelief. She knew the Suneater and she knew how sensitive to evil kids were. Yet the love Filia and Frey radiated toward the Suneater was blinding to the point of making her envious.