Chapter 2746  Elysia’s Gala (Part 2)
 
 "It's to avoid shapeshifters, assassins, or kidnappers." Salaark went first to show the Royals how it was done. 
 The guards didn't spare her anything and treated her only with a modicum of courtesy until both their instruments and breathing techniques confirmed her identity. 
 The King and Queen didn't like being treated like criminals but if even the Overlord had to undergo such treatment, they had no reason to protest. Their surprise only increased when Milea and Leegaain came as well yet received no free pass. 
 "What's happening?" Sylpha asked. 
 "As I said, the Royals must come first yet there's more than just the two of you." Salaark replied. "The Desert claims its blood rights by paternal ascendence. I consider Elysia a part of my Nest until she tells me otherwise." 
 "And the Empire claims its blood rights by maternal ascendence." Milea confirmed. "We are involved with this baby as much as you. Her grandfather…" 
 The Empress waved at the Dragon Guardian who wore a pink ribbon on his left shoulder that identified as a relative from the mother's side. 
 "Has already offered an apprenticeship that's only up to Elysia to turn down. We are here to make sure that her rights are respected and that her choice is going to be made freely." 
 The King and Queen nodded, holding their hands tight to contain part out of joy and the rest out of despair. 
 Elysia was healthy, asleep, and in her human form, showing a head the massive headache that had started upon their arrival at the Mansion and was getting worse by the second. 
 The moment the guards stepped away, the Royals wanted to cry. In part out of joy and the rest out of despair. 
 Elysia was healthy, asleep, and in her human form, showing a head filled with raven-black hair streaked with the six colors of the elements all over. 
 "Awakened from birth?" Milea herself felt faint at the vision, her head spinning so fast that she needed to cling to the crib to not fall face-first against the floor. "And with seven streaks at that?" 
 Just like the Royals, the Empress knew that six streaks would manifest only in an Awakened and that the appearance of the emerald streak was just a matter of time. 
 Meron's life force couldn't take the blow and he felt like having a stroke and an aneurysm at the same time while Sylpha started hyperventilating and needed help from the guards to keep standing. 
 "A heart attack at your age." Salaark fixed the King with a cantrip. "I must tell Tyris to take better care of you, young man." 
 "Here, take a seat." Leegaain handed the Queen and the Empress a chair each and a leather bag in which to breathe. 
 "Can we turn around now, Mother?" The guards asked, excited to meet the newest member of their flock. 
 "Not yet. Let's give these weaklings a moment to collect themselves while the parents arrive." Salaark's words were rude but they still reminded everyone that the masters of the house would soon join them. 
 Lith and Kamila snorted in annoyance while being examined but they thanked the guards once they were done. 
 "Your Majesty." Kamila left Lith's arm while he gave them a quick bow and went to the crib. "The last part of the baby reveal requires my presence. Here we go, baby girl. Show them what you can do." 
 Lith picked Elysia from the crib who looked around, yawning, with no clue what was happening. She didn't like having so many strangers around, but between her parents and grandparents, she felt safe enough. 
 Lith then quickly shapeshifted into a Tiamat, a Voidfeather Dragon, and an Abomination with Elysia following his lead with but a moment of delay. 
 The Royals would have loved to take note of all the changes the three components of Lith's life force had undergone but they couldn't take their eyes off the baby. 
 "Is she really a hybrid?" Sylpha rubbed her eyes off in disbelief. 
 "Yes. Half human, half perfect Tiamat." Kamila replied. 
 "What does perfect Tiamat even mean?" The Queen asked. "Also, hybrids are supposed to have two life forces and as many forms. Not four!" 
 "You see, being a new species Lith's life forces had trouble harmonizing to each other which in the past caused him several setbacks and problems." Since it was all in the past, Kamila thought there was nothing wrong in explaining the situation to her guests. 
 She just turned to look at Lith and once he nodded for her to continue, she did. 
 "What you've known and seen until now was an 'incomplete' form, for a lack of a better term. Recently, however, Lith has managed to overcome the issue, and due to their father-daughter bond so did Elysia. 
 "It coincided with her first breakthrough." 
 "A two months old baby had a breakthrough?" The Empress' eyes almost popped out of their orbits in surprise. "Do you realize how ridiculous this story is? A hybrid's life force is bound to be unstable and inferior to that of her parent until she chooses one." 
 "Feel free to check yourself." Lith shrugged. "It's not like I gain something from lying nor do I plan on forcing Elysia to hide her strength." 
 A battery of eyes filled with light element stared at the baby with Life Vision confirming Kamila's horror story down to the smallest detail. 
 "How can she be already a deep orange?" Sylpha went into hyperventilation again and talked through the leather bag. 
 "Do you mind if I examine her with a breathing technique?" Milea asked, drawing the envy of the Royals who lacked such priceless skill. 
 "Not at all." Kamila shook her head. "As Lith said, Elysia has nothing to be ashamed of. We have no reason to hide anything." 
 The sight of the baby's life force and the presence of stable Cursed Elements amid the flaming stars that comprised it made the Empress turn pale. She put the baby back in the crib, nice and easy, and then allowed herself to faint. 
 She hit the ground face first, producing a metalling noise due to her gala dress being actually the White armor whose defensive systems activated automatically to protect its wearer. 
 Elysia giggled like crazy at the sight, drawing the reproachful gaze of her parents. 
 "It's not funny." Lith said while lifting the baby and looking her in the eyes. "Only bad girls enjoy the misery of others. Are you a bad girl?" 
 Elysia lowered her gaze, shaking her head while emitting apologetic baby noise. 
 The Royals looked at the scene, then at each other, and then joined the Empress on the stone floor. 
 "If anyone looks at the scene from the outside, they are going to think that we organized some kind of elaborate trap to dispose of the leaders of the three Great Countries and take over the Garlen continent." Lith said with a sigh. 
 "Almost all leaders." Salaark was still standing and unlike her alleged peers, she was no easy prey of her own emotions. "But I admit that I'm a bit tempted by this situation. What if you take the Kingdom and we split the Empire 50/50?" 
 "Gods, no!" The idea of ruling over a bunch of morons made Lith's stomach churn. 
 "Not so fast!" Tyris entered the room after being thoroughly examined.