Chapter 2751  Overwhelmed (Part 1)
 
 "It's meant for bright violet cored Awakened and due to my 'just' violet core and body, the strain from exerting so much power created quite a few impurities as a side effect." Quylla sighed. "So, when I reached the bright violet, I was in for a painful surprise." 
 "Is that the reason Friya too suffered so much during her breakthrough?" Nalrond deeply regretted not being there to help her and missing the fight between the Suneater and the Overlord. 
 "Yeah. The only silver lining is that I got it much easier since I was already at the violet back then whereas Friya was 'just' a bright blue." She shrugged. "Now that's out the way, what did you want to talk to me about?" 
 "I think I've figured out how to solve my problem but I need your help." 
 "Really? How?" Quylla brought her chair closer and took out ink and paper from one of the pockets of her dress. "I tried everything I could and even found a few ways that might merge a hybrid's life forces but nothing that would work against the wall that separates yours." 
 "That's the same problem my people and I had until we went to the Fringe. It took me a while but I think I finally understood what Mogar's answer meant." Nalrond replied. "To overcome the wall created by Forbidden Magic that isolates my life forces, I need to almost die." 
 "I beg your pardon?" Quylla put down everything, looking at the Rezar as if he had taken one blow to the head too many. 
 "Think about it. The wall is unbreakable because it's fueled by my own life essence. Any alteration we tried failed because it affected my life forces as well and because the moment they interacted, the resulting repulsive force almost killed me before I could make any choice." He said and Quylla nodded for him to continue. 
 "Yet we know that there is a moment when the mana core loses cohesion and the life force becomes much easier to manipulate, and that's when people suffer from a lethal wound. 
 "If I'm right, I can use the effect to weaken the barrier so that my two life forces and cores can overcome it while also lessening the repulsive force between them enough for them to merge." 
 "In theory, it's a great idea, but I see many problems with it. If you are right, why has no member of the werepeople managed to do that in the past? I mean, if a lethal wound is all it takes, many people should have already succeeded." Quylla replied. 
 "Also, a lethal wound is lethal by definitions. Succeeding just to die immediately after would be pointless." 
 "You are correct in every aspect, but you are forgetting about Mogar's answer." Nalrond shook his head. "In the vision, both my halves had to be wounded in an identical manner at the same time. 
 "When my people die, what happens is that the life force and core of the body they were using fade away first and, when the damage reaches the other half, it's too late to do anything. 
 "What I'm proposing to do, instead, is to weaken them both until they reach the point where the barrier is fading and they are left with only two choices. Either to merge and survive or die together. 
 "If I'm right, the two cores and life forces will combine and use their energy to seal the leak that would be lethal for every other species. At that point, I need external help to heal my wounds and stabilize my condition." 
 "It makes sense." Quylla pondered. "But it's extremely risky and if you are wrong, you might die for good." 
 "I don't think I'm wrong." The Rezar said. "I worked hard to understand the real nature of my hybrid body, something that no member of the werepeople ever tried. I'm now certain that there is no human and beast half. Only me. 
 "I only need a crack in the dam to bring it down and merge my life forces." 
 "How do you know?" Quylla asked, her eyes squinting as she replayed the whole conversation in her head. 
 "As I said, I researched the other hybrids, I lived as a Rezar-" 
 "If you want my help, cut the crap." She cut him short. "You are a great healer, but not that great. How did you get the idea and how come you are so certain of this plan of yours?" 
 "Because I already succeeded on my own." Nalrond clenched his hands to find the strength to look her in the eyes. 
 "Did you almost kill yourself?" Quylla's eyes went wide in surprise. 
 "Don't look at me like that. I'm desperate, not insane! I simply started injuring my two bodies as shown in the vision, increasing the punishment only after making sure that I could take it." He said in outrage. 
 "The problem is that by the time my life forces and cores start to become malleable, I've lost so much blood that my vision blurs. I wouldn't ask for your help if I wasn't afraid of losing consciousness before the end of the procedure and dying after succeeding." 
 "Okay, so you are crazy but not batshit crazy. It's not much but it's a start." Quylla nodded, "Does Friya know?" 
 "Of course not. She would have tried to stop me-" 
 "And she would be right." Quylla cut him short. "No sane healer would ever attempt a near-death procedure. If you want my help, talk to her first. Put your business in order because if things go south, it will be too late then. 
 "I'm not going to tell Friya that I'm the reason you are dead. If you are willing to walk out of her life due to your obsession, she has the right to do the same." 
 *** 
 Lith and Kamila were looking at the mess the guests returning from Elysia's room were. They also shared the joy that Raaz and Elina felt for all the attention that Surin was receiving from their extended side of the family. 
 "I know that I'm going to sound like a jerk, but seeing the Empress and the Royals faint was hilarious." Kamila couldn't hold a hearty laughter at the memory. 
 "If it means seeing you smile, I don't care about spending my life with a jerk." Lith wrapped his arm around her lean shoulders, glad to see her eyes clear from the depression that usually dulled them. 
 "Thanks." Kamila gave him one of her dazzling smiles, one like he hadn't seen since Elysia's birth. "What did you want to talk to me about?" 
 "First of all, I'm sorry." He gave her a small bow. "I know that I'm going to ask a lot of you, especially since you are not feeling well already. Yet as you know, becoming a father also meant getting rid of a lot of my past burdens. 
 "So I was thinking of bringing Valeron the Second to our home and at least trying to uphold Jormun's last wish." 
 "Really?" Kamila didn't bother hiding her surprise. 
 She knew how every time Lith saw the young Bahamut he was reminded of Thrud and her ploy that had led to Phloria's death.