Chapter 2806  Parts and Whole (Part 2)
 
 His prized Adamant armor, the several enchanted protections that he wore, and even the Blood Barrier he had activated at the last second had all been useless against the Dread Flames. 
 Healing Shroud could only keep Shelk undead, but his core was spent and only nourishment could replenish it. Ulma was in his same situation, battling for survival. 
 His apprentices were using massive amounts of darkness elements to fight the Cursed Flames and Shadow Transfer to supply their sire with a constant flow of nourishment, yet it was barely enough. 
 The Wendigo snarled, unleashing the most powerful Chilling Wail that Lith had ever experienced. Knowing how it worked, however, the Voidfeather Dragon had a countermeasure at the ready. 
 A single deep breath enveloped him in a pyre of Origin Flames that kept his body warm and prevented Ulsor from exploiting the Dragon's natural weakness to cold. 
 "Not bad for a runt. Too bad I can't play with you a bit." The Wendigo nodded in approval and released a tier five Source Magic spell. 
 The Voidfeather Dragon's eyes went wide in surprise as Silent Night used the air element to suck the humidity out of the air, reinforcing the cold wave conjured by the water element. 
 At the same time, darkness element coated the frozen shockwave, and a second burst of air element filled Silent Night with bolts of thunder. A tier five Source Magic spell was a scaled-down version of a tower tier spell but Blood Maelstrom more than filled the gap. 
 The Voidfeather Dragon found himself being swept off the floor despite his mass, the shockwave carrying him like a feather in the wind. The bolts of lightning sent him into a seizure while the shockwave dissipated the Origin Flames enough for the cold to seep inside his body. 
 "The wings!" Shelk yelled and Ulsor complied. 
 Tier five spells would last as long as their caster had mana. The Wendigo didn't hesitate to burn through his blood core and Blood Maelstrom reserves to keep the enemy pinned to the wall and exploit the element of surprise until it lasted. 
 Windgust rained left and right, hitting the Voidfeather Dragon's unfurled wings away from Ragnarök's reach. The Voidwalker armor took part of the damage, but the Wendigo was stronger. 
 Stuck between the wall and Silent Night, Lith couldn't dodge or block, leaving the enemy free to hammer at his limbs. By the time he let go of the angry blade, one wing was already smashed and Ulsor was moving his attention on the other. 
 Ragnarök cried in fury, collecting the blood lost by its master to reinforce the Immortal Flames. Usually, without a hand holding the blade, an expert like the Wendigo would have had an easy time dispatching the new threat. 
 Yet after spending so much mana and Blood Maelstrom on Silent Night, Ulsor was weakened. His full focus was devoted to keeping Lith trapped and what was left of his physical strength he needed it to neutralize the wings. 
 Wendigos were naturally immune to fire, the eternal cold accompanying them drained even the heat produced by magic-fueled flames in seconds. Yet the Immortal Flames scared him. 
 They burned at his weapon every time he blocked, leaving behind emerald flames that consumed the enchantments of Gustwind until he spent enough energy to neutralize them. 
 <nulli>'I have no idea what would happen if they stuck to me instead of the Adamant.' He thought.<nulli> 'Even worse, I can't afford to lose my focus until-' Lith cast a tier five Spirit Spell, Primordial Roar, cutting the Wendigo short. 
 It wasn't strong enough to block Silent Night but its shockwave propelled Ragnarök forward, turning it into a missile made of sharp Davross. The blade darted at Ulsor's head and he promptly blocked with his mace. 
 A head injury wouldn't be lethal to a Wendigo but it would make him lose his focus and Silent Night disappear. Ragnarök slammed against Gustwind on purpose, using the strength of the impact to ricochet down. 
 The mace covered Ulsor's line of sight and the flaming blade used the Wendigo's strength to gain even more speed. Ragnarök pierced through Ulsor's huge belly, burning it and the bits of flesh from his first meal it contained. 
 Silent Night disappeared as the agony seared through every fiber of the Wendigo's being, setting Lith free. The Voidfeather Dragon kicked Ragnarök's hilt with all of his strength, sending Ulsor crashing near his allies before recalling the blade. 
 "I'll admit that you guys are strong." Lith panted while using his best healing spell, Mother's Embrace, to heal his many injuries. "But you have made a grave mistake in your plans." 
 He shapeshifted into his human form, using his breathing technique to check if there was enough world energy for Invigoration. 
 "I'm not a human." He shapeshifted into his Abomination form, the features of the Eldritch Derek McCoy dominant again. "I'm not an Abomination or a Dragon either." 
 He shapeshifted into the Voidfeather, letting the seven eyes of the man overlap with the darkness of the Eldritch and the scales of the Dragon. For one moment, the blue flames appeared as his body twisted into the Void Demon Dragon. 
 "I'm a Tiamat." The three aspects merged into one, restoring his original form. "What you've struggled to face so far was just one of my aspects. Let's see how you fare against the whole." 
 Lith unfolded his wings which were now in perfect condition. The angry blade coursed with Chaos and Immortal Flames while his seven eyes guided every one of the elemental gemstones of his armor to form a different spell. 
 "So what?" Ulsor said. "Each one of us has gone toe to toe with one of your forms alone and lived to tell the tale. There are three sides of you but there's three of us while you are alone." 
 "No." The Tiamat's face mask opened up, revealing a mouth filled with fangs and Origin Flames. "I'm not alone. I never am." 
 Demons of the Darkness poured out of his shadow, leaving the undead flabbergasted. They went from three to six-eyed Demons yet there was no way that Lith had enough time to use Invigoration so many times. 
 The crown of silvery flames on his head grew in size until it encompassed his whole body. Suddenly the Tiamat burst into Dread Flames and his Demons into Demons of the Abyss. 
 Shelk consumed whatever Blood Maelstrom he had left, but the Void Demons needed but a scratch to make the red lightning short circuit. Ulsor emptied his blood core to activate his bloodline ability, Balewinter. 
 Yet the True Demons emitted such heat that the snow instantly turned into steam. The Wendigo produced a storm of cold air that clashed against the hot wave of the Demons, canceling each other. 
 Ulma used Source Magic and the darkness element to keep the Demons at bay but the Tiamat was upon him. Ragnarök cut every one of his spells into pieces and the Immortal Flames burned what was left, leaving him nothing to control. 
 "Help me, dammit!" The Nightwalker turned his joints into darkness and bent his limbs out of the way of the burning blade buying himself one whole second until his back struck the wall.