Chapter 2808  Red Wave (Part 2)
 
 <nulli>'The silver lining is that even in the case the Voidwalker armor gets turned off due to the lack of power, there's no consequence. It's not so heavy that it would hinder my movements and it needs just time to recharge. 
 <nulli>'None of its enchantments is going to be lost.' Lith sped up further, charging at the Wendigo. 
 Going on the offensive meant making it easier for the undead to surround him, but leaving the initiative to them would allow the undead to set the rhythm of the fight and agree on a plan. 
 Lith preferred chaos on the battlefield, forcing the enemies to react to his moves without giving them time to think. 
 Ulsor projected his cold aura while cursing at the Blood Warlock. 
 <nulli>'No world energy also means no water element and no Gustwind. Without my mace, I can't focus my aura outside of my body and to touch Verhen I need to get past that damn Davross blade!' 
 To make matters worse, the Wendigo was still enveloped in Blood Flames that neutralized his bloodline ability. Lith lunged at the undead with Ragnarök and grabbed at the incoming mace with his open left hand. 
 Without enchantments, such a small piece of Adamant was no threat to a creature as big as a Tiamat, especially with the protection of the Voidwalker armor. The blade pierced the shoulder and Ulsor's left arm fell limp. 
 Gustwind's hit didn't hurt thanks to darkness fusion and broke no bones. Lith ripped the mace out of the Wendigo's hand while taking a step back and pulling Ragnarök out of the wound. 
 Then he threw Gustwind at the Nightwalker with all of his strength. Ulma had nothing to defend himself with and couldn't use spells. He took the mace in his chest, the impact sending him flying away. 
 Lith feinted at Shelk, aiming to go back to Ulsor and finish him off quickly, but the Blood Warlock could read his moves like an open book. 
 <nulli>'Verhen is smart, but his battle experience is nothing compared to mine.' Shelk could see that only half of the weight of the Tiamat was on the front foot, the muscles of his legs tensed like springs ready to move back. 
 Shelk jumped back in an exaggerated movement, pretending to have fallen for the trick. A slight smirk creased his lips as Lith gave the Blood Warlock his back while jumping at the Wendigo. 
 Shelk followed suit, his goal to sever the Tiamat's spine. Darkness fusion stopped pain, but could do nothing against paralysis. 
 Great was his surprise when instead of swinging his blade, Lith shoulder charged the Wendigo, carrying him through a Spirit Blink whose exit point appeared right behind the Blood Warlock. 
 Shelk cursed at Lith, turning around just in time to see the frozen humanoid projectile rushing into him. He used the flat side of his polearm to push Ulsor out of his way and a flick of the wrist to return to a neutral stance, ready to exploit the Tiamat's own momentum to impale him. 
 It took him a fraction of a second to perform those movements but once he was done, his weapon hit only air. While Shelk's line of sight was blocked, Lith had Spirit Blinked again, returning to his original position while conserving the kinetic energy of the charge. 
 The Blood Warlock realized what had happened when the Davross point of Ragnarök pierced through his armor, ribcage, and reached his heart. It was the source of the blood flow and the weak point of his undead species. 
 Alas, a red wave erupted from the beating heart, pushing forward with enough strength to repel the angry blade. 
 <nulli>'The fuck?' Lith thought as another Blood Tide hit him at point-blank range. 'That's why there's still no world energy despite the geyser! He never stopped sucking the energy in, waiting for a moment like this.' 
 Shelk fell to his knees coughing out blood. Even though it wasn't fatal, the damage to his vital organ coupled with the release of such a powerful ability had left him weakened. 
 Luckily for him, his allies were back on their feet and ready to intercept the enemy. Ulma was now wielding Gustwind whose surface was pitch-black after being infused with Nightblood. 
 Ulsor had condensed his frost aura in his claws and mouth, unleashing a Chilling Wail upon Lith. The frost wave bypassed the Voidwalker armor's weakened enchantments and reached Lith's scales, draining the precious warmth that fueled him. 
 Gustwind dodged Ragnarök's shivering guard and hit the Tiamat's right side, crushing his ribs and flooding him with darkness element. As Lith fell onto his left knee, the Wendigo and the Nightwalker attacked from opposite sides to finish him. 
 The darkness crystal of the Voidwalker armor neutralized Nightblood's effects while the fire crystal warmed Lith. The light and the earth crystal combined their power to conjure the tier five Void Spell, Twilight Crush. 
 Light turned into darkness that coated the hail of stones which in turn turned into air blades. They cut deep into Ulma's skin before switching back into stone nails that injected the darkness element right into his flesh. 
 <nulli>'That was my last darkness spell. There's no point using water and fire since undead are immune to it. Better keep them ready to counter the Wendigo.' Lith thought while using Ragnarök to cut off Ulsor's extended arms. 
 The Wendigo felt no pain, his dead flesh suffering no shock now that the angry blade had no darkness element or Origin Flames to hurt him. Lith's attack succeeded, but it didn't stop Ulsor's charge. 
 He trapped the Tiamat in a bear hug, burning what energy he had left to emit the cold aura from all over his body, stumps included. Lith immediately felt the coldness invading his body and robbing him of his strength. 
 He increased his size as much as the three meters high (9'10") corridor allowed him to, but the Wendigo didn't let go. From that position, Ragnarök was useless. Lith couldn't stab the Wendigo without hurting himself and any wound that missed the flesh stored somewhere in the intestines would only harm Lith. 
 The struggle was reduced to a tug of war between the fire crystal and the blood core and the latter was winning. Ulma was bleeding black blood but he still had the strength to stand up and wield the darkness-infused Gustwind. 
 "Hold on as long as you can!" The Blood Warlock Blood Blinked the Nightwalker to a safe position, allowing him to hit the Tiamat. 
 Lith dropped the blade and raised his arms, lowering them into a double hammered first at the same time when the mace hit his left side. More ribs broke along with Ulsor's arms, but the Wendigo just focused on healing them and refused to let go. 
 Lith could see with Life Vision that there was no world energy around, meaning that Shelk was accumulating it again. He kicked, headbutted, and punched the Wendigo. Every bone in his body was broken, but Ulsor didn't care. 
 Ulma raised and lowered the mace again but this time Lith used the Wendigo as a meat shield. He saved himself from the hit, but the darkness still reached its mark. Nightblood was part of Ulma's body and as such answered his will.