Chapter 2821 That Word (Part 1)
"Not to sound paranoid, but your absence would make a great opportunity to attack us. And I don't mean just the Undead Courts. Anyone who wants you to abandon the colonization expedition might target us." Elina said.
"Don't worry, Mom. I have already arranged things with Grandma so that you can all move to the Desert until we get back. One country and several Phoenixes of distance should keep you safe from whoever wants to harm the Kingdom or me."
"What about Valeron, son?" Raaz said while rocking the baby boy. "I don't think that even the Dragon scales can make your departure any easier on him."
Valeron the Second was in no way related to the Verhens. He was the son of the Mad Queen and Jormun, one of Leegaain's firstborns. Yet Raaz had fallen in love with the child soon after Lith had brought him into their home.
Valeron was as smart as Elysia but much sadder. He was struggling to accept the disappearance of his parents, looking for them in every person who held him. The pain and grief in Valeron's eyes reminded Raaz of his own son.
Raaz had noticed how the boy seemed to turn into a normal child only when playing with Elysia or when Lith took care of him. And now both of them were about to leave, potentially triggering his abandonment trauma again.
"I know. That's why I'm bringing him along with us." Lith shrugged.
"Really?" Kamila said, beaming with joy.
"Why not? He weighs like a normal baby and even if I have to bring his food myself, no array can stop my pocket dimension." Lith had a bottle of milk appear in a blaze of emerald flames.
Both Valeron and Elysia sniffed at it in hunger, but it was the small Bahamut to get the prize. Kamila brought Elysia into the master bedroom to feed her so the baby girl had nothing to complain about.
"I know it's not the same thing, but I'm worried about Ryla and Garrick." Rena said. "While we are gone, there will be no one to take care of them. If someone looks for us at the Mansion, they might be collateral damage."
Garrick couldn't leave the mana geyser without throwing his life forces into disarray and losing every chance for a normal life. In case of another hit on Lith's family, escape wouldn't be an option.
"I'll ask Grandma to let you bring them with you. There's always a mana geyser under her palace so Garrick's life force will be safe. Also, he can use a bit of traveling. In the Desert, he can shapeshift as much as he wants.
"Between the magical beasts and the members of the nest, no one will bother another hybrid."
***
Blood Desert, Heavenly Plume tribe, Salaark's palace, a few weeks later.
"What do you think of our new house, Fluffy?" Garrick had his wings out and his eyes moved all along his body to take in every nook and cranny of his new room at the same time.
"It's hot and dry!" The Byk went to the natural thermal spring that the Overlord put in every VIP guestroom, splashing himself with water for relief. "The food is good, though."
There was a cart full of delicacies of the Desert as a housewarming gift and Fluffy was gobbling down his share.
"Thank you very much for already enrolling Garrick in the local school." Ryla the Fomor, his mother, gave Lith a deep bow. "Having a normal life and enjoying the company of kids his age means a lot to him."
"Don't worry about it. Aran and Leria will take good care of him." Lith replied. "Make sure that no one bullies him."
"Will do, big bro." Aran nodded. "If someone plays dirty, Onyx will eat them."
 "And Abominus the Pyrmir will help her." Leria puffed her chest out with pride for the name she had bestowed upon her friend's new species.
Abominus knew the word had no meaning, but it sounded cool. He lapped her as a thank you, covering her face in slob and wiping her smile off.
"Ewww! Stop doing that. Water is precious in the Desert. I can't wash my face every two seconds here." She showed him how water magic didn't work due to the dry air.
"Okay." Abominus shapeshifted into a seven years old looking boy with black hair and sky-blue eyes. He hugged her and nuzzled her cheek, making her giggle.
"At least he's wearing clothes." Elina grumbled.
Evolving into Emperor Beasts meant that Abominus and Onyx were capable of protecting the children better but also that they could now take human form. Elina knew they were just friends but she couldn't help but worry about how things might change once they reached their teens.
"Is there any problem, Grandma?" Leria asked after noticing her grimace.
"No. Nothing at all." Elina lied through her teeth.
"Thank you for your hospitality, Mother." Raaz tried to give a bow to the Guardian who ignored the gesture and hugged him.
"Nonsense. This is also your home, child." She replied. "We'll see each other on the other side, Lith. Have a nice trip."
"What do you mean, on the other side?" He asked in confusion. "You are on Elysia duty for the first day and then it's Leegaain's turn."
"Do you know how hard is it to Warp into something that small that moves that fast?" The Overlord scoffed. "Besides, you are going to depart from the Kingdom and jump straight into another Guardian's turf.
"Once outside our territory, creating a dimensional corridor would become even harder and we are not going to take any risk. Not with Elysia and Valeron on the Wayfinder.
"Tyris insisted on prolonging her shift until you guys reach your destination. If the other lizard and the hungry cur try something funny, she can hold them off until our arrival."
The Guardians couldn't afford to leave Garlen exposed and if two of them were away, the one remaining couldn't cover for the three Great Countries at the same time.
Elysia, Valeron, Surin, and Shargein said their goodbyes. They all cried and wailed at the idea of missing their friends. For them, the concept of time was non-existent. One year and one day were the same.
Surin was the only one with a regular baby brain but she cried nonetheless, scared by the noise the others made.
"Don't worry, little sister. I'll come visit you as soon as I can." Lith held the baby girl, kissing Surin's forehead before handing her to Elina.
"I still can't believe how many babies we have in our lives." Kamila said as soon as the Warp Gate leading to the Kingdom closed behind them.
Lith was carrying both babies on his chest due to the fact that if he picked one, the other would be jealous and cry.
"Also, I can't believe that you already have favorites, young lady." Kamila smiled from her heart while mock rebuking her daughter.
"Dya!" Elysia pointed at Lith and then at Valeron. "Ba wa du hi!"
"I don't understand a word you're saying." Kamila chuckled, noticing that Valeron seemed offended by the gibberish, pointing his small finger at Elysia and mumbling his own share of nonsensical words.