Chapter 2844  Ancient Faults (Part 2)
 
 "It all makes sense. The sand is for your litterbox and the idiots are for your amusement. Everyone knows that cats like to watch." Inxialot said in amazement. 
 "What about the Guardians, then? What about Verhen?" Raagu rolled her eyes. 
 "Good point. Either cats' heaven is premium heaven or even Guardians are much dumber than I gave them credit for. Like you." 
 "I give up." Raagu shook her head. "There's no point wasting time to convince him of something that he is going to forget anyway." 
 While Tyris scolded the merfolk and Salaark shared with Zagran the details of her fight with the Suneater, everyone returned inside the Wayfinder's temporary village. 
 "With three Guardians, we are as safe as we can be. Are you alright, Tista?" Lith helped her to sit down. 
 She and Bodya were too far away from the children to be protected by Tyris' aura and had been hit by the full power of Fenagar's arrays. The smell of the Hekate aroused Zagran's curiosity whereas she frowned at the serpent Emperor Beast until she recognized him as a Nidhogg. 
 "Another one?" The Garuda nudged Salaark. "Someone has gotten really naughty with Leegaain." 
 "Technically, they are not ours." The Phoenix opened a small Warp Gate. "He is. Zagran, meet Shargein." 
 The Wyrmling was surprised by the sudden change of scenery but due to Salaark's presence, he felt safe and sniffed at the Garuda in curiosity. 
 "A perfect hybrid? Damn, Garlen is much more interesting than Jiera. I chose the wrong continent." Zagran let Shargein study her and give her a few playful bites before taking him into her arms. 
 "Being knocked out by a Guardian isn't my idea of welcome back to Jiera, lil bro, but it was worth it." Tista shapeshifted back into her human form as she shook her head to clear her vision. 
 "With this, we have met all six original Guardians in person. I bet that only a few people on Mogar can say the same. I'm Tista Verhen, nice to meet you." She offered her hand to Zagran who shook it. 
 "Zagran, Lord of Might, Mother of All Garudas, and Guardian of Jiera. Nice to meet you too, kid." 
 After the proper introductions, Tista shared with Orion and Lith the rest of her findings. 
 "Once we were done with visiting Khalia's parents, Bodya and I have scouted the area of your landing." She said. "We have taken care of the monster scouts we've spotted on the way here but there was no time to locate a mana geyser, sorry." 
 She looked at Solus with a worried look, knowing that even with the Sage Staff hanging to her neck, she wouldn't last long in her human form in case a fight broke out. 
 "You've done more than enough." Orion replied. "You've sent us the merfolk who guided us here and the Wayfinder needs a bit of time to recharge before going on the road again anyway. While we wait, I'm curious about Zhen." 
 He offered her his hand, expecting a mind link and for Tista to show him the underwater city. 
 "I'd rather you see it for yourself. It's not the same thing with a mind link. Believe me." 
 "You want me you leave the camp?" Orion's eyes went wide in surprise. 
 "No, I want you guys to leave the camp." She pointed at Lith and Orion, hesitating a bit before adding Solus. "Zhen has been deeply touched by Phloria's presence and the destruction of Kolga. 
 "Witnessing the changes that the city has undergone helped me to put my conscience to rest for those events and with my grieving process. My hope is that it will do the same for you." 
 "This is very thoughtful of you but I'm not a true mage." Orion lied to the best of his abilities. "I can't cast spells underwater and chore magic isn't enough to move someone of my size." 
 "That's not an issue." Rem replied. "We can carry you, if you let us." 
 "I don't want to be a burden to you." Orion said. "Also, I don't think it's safe allowing the only people who know how to operate the power core of the Wayfinder go away at the same time." 
 "It's no burden at all." The merfolk fell on her knee. "You are Phloria's father. Just because she's dead our debt with her is not forgotten nor cleared. This is the least we can do for our savior." 
 "I'm not okay with Verhen leaving, but if it's you, your absence doesn't change our defensive capabilities much." Raagu shrugged. "Inxialot and I can take care of almost anything and with the troops and the arrays protecting us, you can forget about the almost." 
 "Don't worry, Dad." Friya said. "I'll stay here to check on the power core of the Wayfinder for anomalies. I'm among the inventors of the DoLorean and I've never been to Jiera before. I can skip visiting Zhen. You need it more than me." 
 "And I'll stay with her to watch her back." Quylla nodded. 
 "Kid, what exactly do you think can happen while Sally and I are here?" Zagran laughed in his face. "Even if a meteor were to fall or the ground to split open, it's no big deal. Do your thing." 
 It felt weird for Orion being called a kid at his age but compared to a Guardian, he was a tadpole. Also, Friya was right. She was more than competent enough to perform routine diagnostics and no sabotage could happen with the Guardians present. 
 He went to check the engine of the Wayfinder before giving his answer. 
 "It will take a little more than four hours to bring the crystals back to full strength. How long will the round trip to Zhen take?" 
 "Way longer than that." Rem lowered her gaze in disappointment. 
 "Not if we fly up above the city and then swim only the way down." Tista suggested. "I knew that we were on a schedule so I took care of memorizing Zhen's position." 
 "Uhm, I know that I didn't contribute to the original mission, but I would love to see a merfolk city with my own eyes. If it's not a bother, of course." Kamila said. 
 "No bother at all." Rem gave her a friendly smile and a small bow. "We are already bringing an extra. One more is nothing much." 
 Her words hurt Solus. 
 Even though she knew that no one was allowed to know about her involvement in the destruction of Kolga, being called an extra stung her heart. She had fought side by side with Lith, Tista, and Phloria against the Kolgans. 
 She had cried with her companions for the death of Khalia and all the innocents who had lost their lives after the destruction of the breeding camps. Solus was the one who had killed the King of Kolga and retrieved the Hands of Menadion, destroying the lost city in Jiera and its twin in Garlen in a fell swoop. 
 Yet Rem treated like a stranger and bringing Solus to witness the fruits of her labor was doing her a favor. 
 "What about Elysia? What about Valeron?" Lith had yet to take one step away and his homing instinct was already screaming.