Chapter 2849  Like Paper (Part 1)
 
 "Is Salaark, I mean, the Overlord your grandmother?" Rem's eyes went wide while her mouth hit the floor. 
 "Yes." Salaark replied while pacifying Shargein. "Let's talk then." 
 Zagran and Tyris joined the conversation as spectators. The Garuda because she was still considering the idea of establishing her own empire in order to help resolve the crisis of Jiera. 
 The Griffon because she was interested in the needs of the merfolk and what they could offer in exchange for hospitality on the surface. She could use that knowledge to instruct the Royals about how to write a treaty without leaving space for loopholes that the nobles might exploit. 
 After the Wayfinder recharged, Lith exchanged communication runes with Rem and gifted her a dimensional ring filled with red meat, fruits, and vegetables. All things that the ocean lacked and that he hoped would be a delicacy for the merfolk. 
 He also gave her a cookbook since due to their life underwater, they had no concept of spices or cooking yet they would need to get used to both once they started to live on the surface. 
 "Are you really giving away the position of our beach house?" Solus pulled Lith aside, whispering. "This way we won't be able to tower Warp there freely anymore." 
 "Of course not." Lith replied. "I just said I have a beach house. I never shared its coordinates. That's our happy oasis and I want to keep it that way." 
 The people of the expedition groaned loudly as they boarded the Wayfinder again. Being trapped in a confined space for an unspecified amount of time was hardly exciting. 
 "What's next?" Lith asked. 
 "The worst part of this journey. Aimless wandering until we find a mana geyser. We need it to establish a Warp Gate strong enough to reach the Kingdom." Orion replied. 
 "Any idea how long will it take?" 
 "Hopefully, not much." Orion said. "We have brought you Awakened for a reason, after all. As soon as you see one, let us know." 
 "It's not that easy." Lith frowned. "Life Vision has a limited range and the Wayfinder moves in a straight line right above the ground. It could take weeks, if we are unlucky. That's much longer than I was promised." 
 "Don't worry about that." A snap of Orion's fingers had the sides of the cargo wagons flip open. "The Royals have no reason to ruffle your scales." 
 A small fleet of DoLoreans floated out of the train cars. 
 There was one for each Awakened of the expedition and a few to spare for regular mages. 
 "We'll count mainly on you guys. If the mages of the Association find external signs of a geyser, they'll mark the location and it's up to one of you to check." Orion showed Lith how the DoLoreans shared a network that allowed for instant communications and to put together a single map from the explored areas. 
 The Wayfinder was part of the network, signaling its position to the fleet in case they needed a place to retreat to safety. 
 "I thought you had brought just four of them." Lith was flabbergasted after noticing that all the DoLoreans carried the same armaments. 
 "No, we used only four because that's how many people we have with sufficient training to lift off the Wayfinder at high speed without turning into a giant fireball," Orion replied. "Now that we are on the ground and without anyone chasing us, things are much easier." 
 After everyone imprinted their respective DoLorean, only one Awakened had been left out to no one's surprise. 
 "This is unfair. Why can't I drive one of these things?" Kelia asked. 
 "First, they are called DoLorean. Second, no one is going to let you study their power core. You can either come with me or stay on the Wayfinder." Lith replied while setting Elysia's car seat inside Kamila's DoLorean. 
 "Fine. I'll let the Empress know of your vote of confidence." She snorted. 
 "Good. I don't want her to think I'm an idiot." Lith snorted back. 
 "Are you sure you don't want to take Elysia with you?" Kamila asked. "I know how hard it is for you to be away from our baby." 
 "Yeah, I'm sure." Lith replied. "I can look after myself whereas you are a bit too weak for my taste to go out alone in a continent filled with monsters and lost cities." 
 "Define weak." 
 "You are not a Guardian." 
 "Guilty as charged." She giggled. 
 "Be a good girl and protect Mommy, okay?" Lith felt weird entrusting an adult to a child but there was nothing on Mogar that could hurt Elysia. 
 "Mama!" The baby giggled as well. 
 "I'm right here, you know?" Tyris had gone back to Garlen, allowing Salaark to take her place and step inside the DoLorean on the passenger seat. "You could just ask me." 
 "And you would just give me the 'join the nest speech', Grandma." Lith replied. "If Elysia clings to Kami, instead, you have to protect them both. As I see it, she's your boss. Why waste time talking with the underling?" 
 The Guardian's outrage was met by the children's prideful expression since even Shargein nodded. 
 "Whose side are you on?" She asked and the Wyrmling licked her face in reply. "You are lucky that I love you or I'd never forgive your betrayal so easily." 
 Shargein ignored the words, hearing only the love they carried, and kept licking her and clinging to his mother to let her know that he returned the feeling. 
 "Dammit, babies should be tier one Forbidden Magic. I can't stay mad at you." Salaark sniffled, the Blood Imprint they shared amplified their bond to the point that she could hear the Shargein's every thought. 
 And they were all about her. 
 That or food but Salaark still counted them as proof of love since a healthy appetite aligned with her wish for her son to grow strong. 
 "I forgive you too, young lady, but don't push your luck." She pointed her finger at Elysia who grabbed it. 
 "Gama." The failed attempt to articulate the word grandma was more than the Guardian could take. 
 "I'm your fourth word?" Her voice broke, needing sheer willpower to not cry. 
 "Gama?" Elysia replied with worry. 
 "Yes, I'm your grandma and I'm going to kill whoever threatens you or your mommy." 
 'I would like to say I told you so, but I don't want to ruin the moment.' Lith thought. 
 'Good because I would have hated to break your nose in front of the kids but rest assured that I don't like you exploiting my emotions.' Salaark replied with a glare. 
 He had forgotten that he was included in the Blood Imprint just like Elysia and Shargein. From so up close, Salaark could naturally read the minds of those who carried her blood without the need for a mind link or a breathing technique. 
 Lith took a few careful steps back and jumped into his own DoLorean as soon as Kamila left, quickly followed by the rest of the squadron. 
 While they safely explored the mainland from the sky, the Wayfinder moved along the coast to map its outline and look for a fortified place where to spend the night were the aerial recon turn out to be unsuccessful.