Chapter 2854  A Lesson to Learn (Part 4)
 
 <"What? How?"> A darkness-sealing array had appeared around them and when the Abomination tried to Blink away, he discovered that dimensional magic was sealed as well. 
 "I'll take that as a no. If I'm wrong, my bad." Locrias unleashed the tower tier spell, Primordial Nova. 
 The enhanced version of the tier five Spirit Spell, Primordial Roar, overpowered the mass of Chaos that was the Empowered Abomination's body and destroyed it. Locrias stood there for a while, pretending to lower his guard while more Demons scouted the surroundings. 
 "We can go now. If there was someone else and they were running away, the Sentries would have noticed them while if they were hiding, by now my Demons would have discovered them." Lith said. 
 Locrias cast Restoration to relax the space before returning inside Lith's feather. Recalling a Demon left no trace that could be followed because it required no spell. 
 Solus nodded and Warped the tower to Salaark's palace in the Blood Desert. 
 "Fine, you got me. I'm going to build me one of these as soon as the tower is done rebuilding itself." The Guardian came out of Elysia's shadow, feeling her full power return now that she was back on her turf. 
 "I can't wait to be able to move freely and kick some Fenagar ass without the need of someone on the other side opening a Warp for me." 
 "Great idea." Solus chuckled. "This way Zag-zag can come to visit you often." 
 "Don't call her like that and dear gods you are right." Salaark went pale at the thought. "She'd spar with all the Desert if I let her and by "Don't call her like that and dear gods you are right." Salaark went pale at the thought. "She'd spar with all the Desert if I let her and by the time she is done, my whole Nest would need a long vacation to recover." 
 Before leaving, Salaark cleansed the group and the tower from any ailment they carried from Jiera. The wave of darkness magic washed over them, making them feel like after a sterilization bath. 
 Even though it was the middle of the night in Garlen, Lith's family was happy to wake up to see them again. The only sour note of the reunion was that Surin had completely forgotten about all of them which angered Elysia. 
 "Shush, darling. Normal babies have no memory. Your Aunt has no fault for that." Even by using the Dragon scales it took Lith a while to calm her down. 
 Enough for Solus to recount everything about the trip and the visit to the underwater city of Yhen. 
 "I'm proud of all of you." Elina hugged them. "You are the heroes of two continents. You too, Solus. Even if the rest of Mogar only sees a stone ring on Lith's statue, your family knows what it really means." 
 "Thanks, Mom." Solus smiled from her heart, glad for the recognition. 
 "How are you guys doing?" Lith asked Aran and Leria. 
 "Great! Mom allowed us to take part in the daily lessons and we have improved a lot." Aran shot a small shard of ice that moved for over ten meters (33') before fading away. 
 It was a simple spell, but he cast it without any magic word or sign. The perfect silent magic and the range reached by the chore magic were the signs of a talented mage. 
 "In just three days?" Lith was flabbergasted. 
 "Not really." Leria replied. "We have never stopped practicing your teachings. The only thing we have learned here is how to cast offensive spells and how to keep the mana from dispersing." 
 "I never liked the idea of teaching the children how to hurt people so I always kept them out of the most violent lessons." Elina sighed. "But if they are going to follow in your footsteps and enroll in the White Griffon academy, it's time they learn." 
 "Don't worry so much, dear." Raaz gently held her shoulder to reassure her. "They are not learning how to hurt people but how to defend themselves. Also, only by experiencing how dangerous magic is can they understand that it's not a toy to play with." 
 "Well said, my child." Salaark nodded while examining the kids with her breathing technique, Mother Sun. 
 Working on the basics of true magic and living over a powerful mana geyser was stimulating the growth of the kids' cores and setting the foundation to develop a mana flow. 
 "How is Garrik doing?" Kamila would have liked to ask him in person but then she would have to explain how they had returned so quickly. 
 "He's never been happier." Leria replied. "Here nobody cares about his looks so Garrik has made a lot of friends at the magic lessons. He can shapeshift and fly freely which also makes him one of the most popular students. 
 "His mother, Ryla, is also taking magic lessons and the Phoenixes are helping her to control her bloodline abilities. Only Fluffy hates being here." She chuckled. "He is always hot due to his fur and Grandma put him on a diet." 
 "I've offered them to permanently move to the Desert, but Ryla turned me down." Salaark sighed. "She says that it's more important to her that Garrik sticks with his brother, especially now that Morok is married and the family is bound to grow." 
 "Don't say that to Quylla, or she might have a stroke." Solus chuckled. "She's already under a lot of pressure from the Kingdom and her family. The last thing she needs is more responsibilities." 
 With Manohar's death, Quylla was the only Healer skilled enough and with knowledge of Light Mastery that could take his spot as the Royal Healer. She had taken the position after Lith and Marth had turned it down. 
 The former because he wasn't interested in politics and the latter because, between his family and his duty as Headmaster of the White Griffon, he already had his plate full. Quylla, instead, was still looking for a path in life and wanted to redeem the Ernas name in the public eye. 
 As the Royal Healer and aspiring god of healing, she could lighten the burden on Gunyin's shoulders. The oldest of the Ernas had taken the role of head of the Ernas Household to give his parents the time they needed to grieve and recover from the War of the Griffons. 
 After they finished catching up, everyone was happy to have a light late dinner/early lunch to spend some time together while Solus and the tower recovered their strength. During that time, Lith left his equipment inside the Spark to further refine them. 
 After bidding their family goodbye, Lith and the others went back into the tower and from there to Jiera. 
 "What's next on our agenda?" He asked. 
 "Well, I'd like to meet Bodya's relatives first." Tista tormented her hair nervously. "It's the reason I came here in the first place and if I keep delaying it, I'm afraid I'll end up chickening out." 
 "Nice." Solus nudged her while winking. "Sounds important. Why didn't you mention it to Mom and Dad?" 
 "Are you kidding me?" Tista replied with a snort. "The moment they heard about this, they would start planning my marriage. Why do you think I inform them about our relationship on a need-to-know basis?" 
 "Is it that bad?" Kamila furrowed her brows in surprise.