Chapter 2910  Proper Timing (Part 2)
 
 "When they wake up, Abominus and Onyx are going to bring them here. Unlike us, they'll have nothing to worry about and I'm ready to bet that they'll tire themselves playing and fall asleep in a few hours." Elina said. 
 "Is it safe for the kids?" Raaz pointed at Shargein, eager to change the topic. 
 "Rude!" The Wyrmling snapped his jaw, pretending to bite the extended finger. 
 "Dad!" Rena joined the scolding. "You have lived with Beasts long enough to know that they are living beings just like us. You should have asked if 'Is he safe for the kids?' Not 'it'!" 
 "I meant riding his back, not Shargein." Raaz raised his hands in apology. "I'm sorry little guy. It's not like I don't trust you, but you are very young and at your age, I couldn't be trusted with anything less sturdy than a hammer." 
 According to the Phoenix family tree, Shargein was Raaz's lots-of-greats-uncle but since Salaark called both of them son, the Wyrmling believed to be Raaz's little brother. 
 Shargein licked Raaz's hand and emitted chirping sounds that were supposed to communicate that everything was forgiven and that the Wyrmling understood Raaz's worries. 
 The problem was that no one understood them, taking the chirpings for baby Dragon noise. 
 "It's better than safe." Lith casually caressed Shargein with his hand covered in scales to decipher the message. "Shargein is under Leegaain's protection just like Elysia. Also, he and the babies can use Dragon scales to communicate with each other. 
 "Elysia and Valeron can tell Uncle Shargein where they want to go and even express their needs. He can talk for them, right, uncle?" 
 "Right!" The Wyrmling puffed his chest out with pride and smoke out of his nostrils with Flames. 
 Despite the tender age, he could already understand human, Dragontongue, and Phoenix language to perfection. Shargein still had trouble forming long sentences but he always managed to make himself understood. 
 The words hungry, lonely, stinky, and tummy ache covered most of the babies' needs. 
 The moment the Verhens stepped out of the Gate in the barn, Kamila's communication amulet lit up with several notifications. Since she had lost most of her friends after marrying Lith and had yet to resume working, the pinging surprised everyone. 
 "Is it something wrong?" Lith asked. 
 "No, don't worry." Only Kamila as the owner of the amulet could see what each notification was about and from which rune it came. "It's just Jirni asking perfunctory questions about our well-being before moving on to what she's really after. 
 "She's heard about Thaymos but she doesn't trust second-hand information or official records. Since, and I quote, 'that oaf of my husband has yet to contact me, please let me know if Orion and my daughters are alright. 
 "PS: feel free to visit me after working hours. I'm bored.' Do you think I should tell her about our suspicions about Meln's involvement?" 
 "Depends, do you think you can hide it from her?" Solus asked. 
 "Nope. I guess I just got my answer." Kamila sighed. "Also, Zinya has invited us all for a visit. She says that she misses Elina and Rena greatly and asks me to reproach them harshly for disappearing from her life." 
 Both women blushed in embarrassment. They were almost as busy as Zinya and making their three schedules match was hard but still it wasn't an excuse for neglecting someone who was way more than extended family. 
 "Tell her we accept her invitation." Elina said. "Zinya just has to set up a date and we'll be there." 
 "No take backs!" Kamila said with a chuckle while sending the message in front of their eyes. 
 When they walked out of the barn's wooden double doors, the heads of the farmhands all turned around in curiosity. The men working in the fields were both tired and bored from the long hours spent under the sun and could use a distraction. 
 Lith's appearance was accompanied by cheers and greetings, his presence ensured their safety against any threats and guaranteed that soon some juicy gossip from one of his crazy adventures would resound through Lutia. 
 "The bards have already written several songs about him." Rizel said. "Who knows, maybe they'll write one about Lutia as well and include our names. Can you guys picture that?" 
 "I sure hope that never happens." Bromann replied with a grunt. "What's to sing about a bunch of farmers? That we work the land like countless other people in the Kingdom? At best the bards will mention Nana's and Selia's names since they helped Lith in the past." 
 "Because your greatest achievement is trying to murder our Supreme Magus when he was five!" Bromann snarled. "Or maybe you'd like everyone in the Kingdom to know that you are a childhood friend of the Dead King? Because I sure don't!" 
 "Sure, but why going so far as hoping it never happens, Dad?" Rizel asked. 
 "Because your greatest achievement is trying to murder our Supreme Magus when he was five!" Bromann snarled. "Or maybe you'd like everyone in the Kingdom to know that you are a childhood friend of the Dead King? Because I sure don't!" 
 "I'm sorry, father." Rizel's voice was but a whimper but everyone heard him anyway. 
 "You better be." Bromann grunted. "I've forgiven what you did but I've never forgotten about it and I won't let you forget either. The lesson you learned that day made you into a better man. Treasure it." 
 "Well said!" Ashtur the Ry, leader of the magical beasts in charge of protecting the farm said. "A pup is bound to make mistakes growing up, but if he tries to hide them out of shame or wallows in self-pity instead of learning from them, he'll be a burden for his pack." 
 With Lith's family absent, the magical beasts still had their meals guaranteed but nothing to do all day. It hadn't taken them long before starting to help the farmhands to pass time and practice magic. 
 "Thanks, buddy." Bromann caressed the Ry's muscular neck. 
 A few years ago, hearing a big wolf talking would have been a traumatic experience. 
 After surviving Orpal's attack on Lutia, seeing Phoenixes and Dragons come and go from the Verhen house at all hours, and witnessing Lith's Abomination form, however, it took a lot to surprise the average Lutian. 
 The Verhens returned the greetings of the farmhands and entered their home. 
 "I can use a distraction to take my mind off this mess." Raaz said while shapeshifting his desert clothes into working overalls. "If you don't need me, I'm going to help the guys with the fields." 
 "Okay." Elina nodded, putting Surin down. 
 Shargein had already climbed inside the playpen and curled up, setting Elysia and Valeron in the nooks of his limbs for a nap. Elina placed Surin beside his belly, between the other two children. 
 The baby girl kept sleeping like a log and once the Hush zone of the playpen was up, the adults were free to make some noise. The spell was devised so to stop sounds from coming in without affecting those coming out. 
 If a baby cried, they would hear it. 
 They had just finished pulling the curtains and opening the windows to freshen the air inside the house when someone knocked on their door. 
 "Who is it?" Rena asked while activating the arrays of the house to see the people on the other side and have them scanned for threats.