Chapter 2931  The Path Ahead (Part 3).
 
 Those conditions were meant to test the Doppelgangers' morals and self-control. To determine if their mentality would better fit with human, plant, or beast society, Leegaain needed to know how the Doppelgangers reacted under stress. 
 "Last, but not least, you are forbidden to reach a mass superior to that of the form that I'll assign to you. There is no point in sending you out there to learn about yourselves if you overcome every hardship simply by brute force." 
 In their natural form, Doppelgangers looked like a gelatinous puddle the size of an inflatable pool. They could eat as much as they wanted and either retain the mass or split into two different beings, producing an offspring. 
 Yet to keep the extra mass, they needed to feed regularly. Otherwise, as it had happened to Protheus, they would just not feel hungry while their bodies metabolized the accumulated nourishment until they reverted to their original size. 
 "Are you telling me that I can't turn into a Divine Beast?" Protheus was flabbergasted. "That none of my children can access their Chimeric Form? How are we supposed to defend ourselves, then?" 
 "You are not." Leegaain replied curtly. "Again, this is a learning experience. There is no war and no reason to fight unless you instigate it. You have known conflict your whole life and now you must get accustomed to peace. Am I clear?" 
 "Yes." The Doppelgangers replied in unison while lowering their gaze. 
 They had yet to take their first step in the outside world yet they had already learned something new: fear and helplessness. 
 "Don't worry, I'm forbidding you from using violence but I won't let you be punching bags either. Her, take this." A snap of Leegaain's fingers made what Lith recognized as a Guilty Ballot appear in the hands of each Doppelganger. 
 "Hide it inside your bodies and use it only if you feel that you can't deal with the situation at hand. You just need to press the button and I'll answer the call." 
 "Wait, didn't you just say that as long as we are close to your lair you can follow us all at the same time?" Protheus asked in confusion. 
 "Correct." Leegaain nodded. 
 "Then what point does this thing have? Why don't you just intervene when we need it?" 
 "Why indeed." Leegaain said with a smirk, refusing to reply further. 
 'That's really smart of him.' Solus pondered. 'It added another layer to the morality test. Thanks to the Ballot, a Doppelganger can escape if they are overwhelmed by social interactions or if they panic in a situation they are not uncomfortable with. 
 'Were Leegaain to intervene without a call, they would never exercise freedom of choice and develop their ability to judge a situation. This way, a Doppelganger has a "get out of jail free" card whenever they feel like they ended up in a pinch beyond their control. 
 'He just added the "ask for help" option to the classic fight or flight response.' 
 'Indeed.' Lith telepathically nodded, taking mental notes for Valeron's and Elysia's future education. 'Depending on how the Doppelgangers use the Ballot, he can evaluate who's immature, who has a weak character, and even who has compassion. 
 'After all, he did say that they can fight to defend others and the Ballot also allows the Doppelgangers to call for reinforcements in case their strength isn't enough.' 
 'Nailed it in one.' Leegaain intruded in their mind link, upsetting both Lith and Solus. 
 "So, do we have a deal?" The Guardian offered his hand to Protheus who instead of shaking it turned around and discussed the matter with his children, passing Leegaain's first test. 
 'Had Protheus made the decision for everyone, I'd have withdrawn my offer. The Doppelgangers are no longer soldiers but individuals. They aren't supposed to take orders but to exercise their free will.' He thought. 
 While the discussion went on, Lith conjured a Hush spell to not be disturbed. 
 "I know that it's none of my business but I've been thinking about how to help you with your research about the Harmonizers." He said to the Hydra. 
 "And?" Faluel asked, tilting her head in curiosity. 
 "And I've determined that I don't have the time to add something else to my to-do list and, more importantly, I don't care. My life forces have already merged on their own and the tower works great. 
 "If and when you perfect the Harmonizers, I'll add them to the Armory but right now the juice is not worth the squeeze." 
 "And you conjured a Hush Zone just to tell me that?" 
 "No, to give you a suggestion." Lith replied. "The Harmonizers have little value to me but Baba Yaga might be interested. After all, Glemos adapted them to enhance and evolve the undead, something that Baba Yaga has been attempting to do for millennia." 
 Faluel's eyes went wide in enthusiasm, just to quickly narrow in a worried expression. 
 "I see your point. With the Red Mother's help, we could achieve our objective much faster. With her expertise on life forces and Forgemastery, not to mention her Creation Magic, we would save decades of research and countless resources. 
 "At the same time, however, we would risk to upset the balance. Based on your report, the Harmonizers provided to all undead a path to evolution whereas with what we have, the device works only on lesser Divine Beasts, leaving all the other beasts and races behind." 
 "Hence why my Hush Zone." Lith waved his hand at the air barrier. "Thrud's former generals know about this but they haven't thought about the possible implications, yet. 
 "I want to avoid giving them ideas about finding a way to contact Baba Yaga and getting from her a better deal than Leegaain's." 
 "I see your point but there's a catch." Faluel replied. "Even assuming that I want to ask for her help, how do I contact her? White cores are elusive to the point that even most members of the Awakened Council have never met one." "There's no catch since Solus has Baba Yaga's contact rune. Right, Solus?" Lith said to his stone ring. 
 "Uhmm, yeah but I don't know how to feel about this." She replied. 
 "Me too." Faluel scratched her head in frustration. "This is too big for me. I need to talk about it with my mother first and then we'll probably need a second opinion from someone trustworthy." 
 "I think you got that already." Solus pointed Lith's hand at Leegaain who had been staring at them all along. 
 From that close and inside his own lair, there was little that anyone could hide from him and nothing that those carrying his blood could. 
 "Grandfather, I need your advice." Faluel's words failed to escape the Hush Zone but the thought behind them reached the Guardian. 
 "I have many reservations about contacting Baba Yaga as well." He said after stepping through the air dome. "Let's say that the Harmonizers hold the key to evolution and you manage to find it with her help. 
 "After that, your paths will diverge since you have nothing more to offer her anymore. Baba Yaga's research will progress much faster than yours and the scope of the consequences in case of success will be also wider.