Chapter 2932  The Path Ahead (Part 4)
 
 "Based on what you told me, once the undead wore the Harmonizers, they became immune to the sun." 
 "Not exactly." Lith said. "The only thing we know for sure is that they were capable of moving during the day. We met them underground so there's no way to know if sunlight was still lethal or not." 
 "Also, don't forget that Malyshka made her children weak to the sun on purpose." Solus said. "I don't think she has changed her mind about it." 
 "I know, but I also know that she had no qualms about letting her children roam free despite their unintended flaws." Leegaain countered. "What if she considers the newfound immunity a flaw as well and she works on it while her new and improved undead spread? 
 "On top of that, even just the ability to move during the day would be a game changer. So far, only a few undead races and undead elders can do that and it always comes at a price. 
 "If all undead became capable of staying awake at full strength during the day, they would double the time they have to dedicate to the practice of magic. There would be no time when the living have a tactical advantage. 
 "Even worse, there is no telling what the lack of slumber might do to their sanity. Undead never get tired and unlike Liches, they are social creatures. If they lose their minds, the cost in lives to put them down would be high." 
 Protheus and the other Doppelgangers finished their discussion while Faluel had barely started discussing her own issue with Leegaain, bringing it to a premature end. 
 "Most of us agree to the deal." Protheus waved at those behind him. "Yet there are a few who would like to have a bit more time to think." 
 About a dozen Doppelgangers kept themselves a few steps of distance with an awkward look on their faces. 
 "We are still too sad, angry, or scared for what happened to the True Queen." A gelatinous humanoid creature said. "If we get out now under such harsh conditions, we'd be a liability for our brethren. 
 "We don't want them to fail your trials because of us. Mogar might not be ready for us, but my companions and I sure are not ready for Mogar." 
 "A wise choice." Leegaain nodded. "You can stay here as long as you need, but make no mistake. I will judge you as individuals, not as a whole. The success or failure of any of you won't influence the outcome of the others unless they contributed to it." 
 The group of Doppelgangers sighed in relief, giving the Guardian a bow of respect. 
 "It's excellent news but in our current state, we'd be a burden to anyone associating with us." 
 "When do we start?" Protheus asked. 
 "It depends on Faluel." The Father of All Dragons nodded at the Hydra. "The moment she brings the Divine Beasts out, I'll send the Doppelgangers to their respective destinations." 
 "I need some time to plan our voyage." Faluel replied. 
 'And also to think about whether to involve Baba Yaga or not.' She actually thought. 'I've already heard Grandfather's and Lith's opinion but I have yet to ask Mom's. She's the only one I can trust to not make a fuss and get burdened with political bullshit.' 
 "I'll be back for you as soon as I'm done with the preparations. In the meantime, I'll bring Ufyl back to the Hydra lab." 
 None of it was of Lith's concern. He only focused on consoling Valeron the Second. The baby was sad about being reunited with his "father" just to be once again separated from the fake Jormun and the rest of his family. 
 'I'm not going anywhere, little one.' Lith thought and the Dragon scales delivered the message. 'Soon we'll be back home where everyone is waiting for you.' 
 The images of Kamila, Solus, Elysia, Shargein, and all the Verhens popped into Valeron's mind, replacing the sadness with nostalgia. As Thrud's former Generals held the baby and bid him goodbye in turns, the thought of his new family allowed Valeron to not burst into tears again. 
 More than one year had passed since the end of the War of the Griffons and just a bit longer since the day the Horseman had single-handedly decided to terminate their bond. Yet he still counted them and each passing day felt like a year. 
 *** 
 Gorgon Empire, City of Aregal, Barrel Dragon tavern, a few days later. 
 Zepho Acala, the former Ranger of the Kellar region of the Griffon Kingdom and Dawn's former host, couldn't stop looking at the door with a mix of fear and anticipation. 
 More than one year had passed since the end of the War of the Griffons and just a bit longer since the day the Horseman had single-handedly decided to terminate their bond. Yet he still counted them and each passing day felt like a year. 
 'With all the places in the Empire, someone as sophisticated as Dawn picking a family restaurant can only mean bad news.' He thought. 
 Hearing the name of the tavern, Lith would have imagined the sign picturing a cool gunslinger Wyrm but that was only because he came from Earth. On Mogar, things were much more mundane, and firearms a relic of the past. 
 The tavern sign bore the picture of a Dragon sitting inside a keg of beer while drinking its contents with a tankard. The people of the Empire were obsessed with Dragons due to Leegaain's presence and considered them good luck. 
 After the Dragon Dance, people had become bordering fanatical and it had become hard to find an establishment without a Dragon-related name. The owners of well-known restaurants had been forced to follow the trend, often picking up a ridiculous name to ensure its originality and not be mistaken for one of their competitors. 
 The inside of the tavern was entirely made of hardwood. The floor was clean but filled with scratch marks left by the constant moving of tables and chairs. On the walls were hung decorative weapons and mediocre paintings depicting landscapes to give the place some color. 
 The tables were squared and could host a maximum of four people. The owner liked to keep them this way to discourage large groups. Sure, they brought quite a bit of money, but the mess and the noise they made usually drove away the regular clients. 
 The increase in profit was vastly overshadowed by the overload of the kitchen, the stress of the servers, and the complaints of the regulars. Especially those who sat at the bar counter and looked for peace while sipping their drinks. 
 As for Acala, he was still one of the Kingdom's most wanted, but thanks to his long beard and hair, even the few who had ever seen his poster were unable to recognize him. 
 He had made up his mind about his bond with Dawn for months now but he had no way to contact her and the only news about any of the Horsemen on the interlink dated back to the War of the Griffons. 
 'Not that I would ever contact Night. She's crazier than I ever was and his host makes me look like a saint.' Acala thought. 
 How Dawn had managed to track him down was still a mystery to him. Ever since they had split, their energy signature didn't match anymore and they had never exchanged contact runes. 
 Yet someone who claimed to be the Horseman had passed a note under his hotel room's door and set up the meeting.