Chapter 2947 Changing Plans (Part 1)
﻿﻿Luckily, after getting rid of Thaymos and the destruction of the Black Tide, there had been just a few skirmishes that required Orion's direct intervention. As long as he didn't use magic, the pain disappeared and his mana core reverted to its dormant state.
"Are you sure that you don't want us to stay and keep you company, Dad?" Friya asked before leaving the quarantine room in Valeron.
She and Quylla were free to go after a routine check-up thanks to darkness fusion cleansing their system from any lingering pathogens whereas Orion was just a fake mage. At least on paper.
"I'm sure, my Little Rainbow." He caressed her hair covered in seven elemental streaks that she no longer needed to hide from the world. "Go to your mother. She's been alone for all this time and I'm worried sick about her."
"Because she's pregnant, moody, and someone could take advantage of her state?" Quylla asked.
"No, because she's pregnant, moody, and there's no one to keep her temper under control." Orion replied. "Just because your mother doesn't show emotions it doesn't mean she has none. She's just that good at keeping them under control."
"Are you telling me that under her hardened shell Mom's actually a softie?" Friya said in joy.
"Are you listening to me?" Orion pinched his nose in frustration. "I'm talking about the kind of emotions that make your mother great at her job and difficult to find an open spot in the graveyards of the Ernas region."
"Come on, Dad. It can't be that bad." Quylla replied. "It's not Mom's first rodeo and there are Tulion and Gunyin by her side."
"Indeed, but there's also Morok." That was enough to make Quylla turn pale.
The Tyrant's brashness was well known and any indelicate mention of the fate that had befallen Phloria might have turned Quylla into a widow.
"Don't worry about me and go." Orion pointed them to the door.
"We'll call you as soon as we get home." Friya and Quylla left the room in a rush.
Vastor waited for them to go past the security checkpoint outside the quarantine zone before sealing the door and making sure that no one would disturb them.
He was wearing a Life Ward plague doctor mask. It generated a hard-light construct that covered him like a second skin and kept any dangerous substance out. The darkness magic of the beak flooded the air before he breathed it, turning every substance it carried into inert dust.
"I heard you went through a lot in Jiera. How are you feeling?" The Master chanted all the routine spells, making small talk while also establishing a mind link to start the real conversation.
"I'm just tired. I've caught more bugs on Jiera than in a year on Garlen." Orion shrugged.
'I feel like crap. I think there's something wrong with my mana core.' He actually thought, bringing Vastor up to speed.
'Of course you feel like crap.' The Professor replied in outrage. 'You are an idiot!'
'Our time is limited so less insults and more sense.' Orion said.
'Do you understand that the point of everything we are doing is to not trigger your Awakening until your body has a chance of making it in one piece?' Vastor asked and Orion nodded for him to continue.
'Then how could you be so stupid that you used a Blade Tier Spell? You were stationed above a mana geyser and surrounded by Awakened. Compared to that, a crystal mine is poor in world energy.
'The Life Maelstrom wasn't an issue since it strengthened both your core and impurities but the Blade Spell threw that delicate balance into the gutter. For a brief moment, your mana core exerted a pressure that your body couldn't contain.
'Each power core you drew upon was akin to an extra mana core with no impurities to balance it out. You are lucky to be alive.'
'I'm not stupid. I just did what I had to.' Orion shook his head. 'I suspected that the Blade Spell might kill me whereas I was certain that the lost city would kill me. Would you have acted any different in my place, were the lives of your children on the line?'
'No, I would not.' Vastor admitted. 'Enough with the bad news. I also have good news for you.'
'I thought that me being alive was the good news.' Orion replied.
'Yes, but there's more. Whatever you've done after the Blade Spell has greatly tempered her body. That counterflow technique you've developed doubled the refining rate. How do you feel now?' Vastor asked after using Invigoration to adjust the position of Orion's impurities and strengthen their anchoring points further.
 'Much better. Ever since I left the geyser, the burning sensation in my abdomen subsided but now it's completely gone.'Orion replied.
'Do me a favor and cast a tier one spell without conjuring its effects.'
Orion did as asked, discovering that no mana flow formed and informed Vastor of his findings.
'This is a good sign but just to be safe, don't use magic until I say otherwise.'
'Why?' Orion asked.
'Because if I'm right, we have found a way to make your body refinement match your mana core.' Vastor replied.
'Are you telling me that I can Awaken?'
'No. at least not right now.' Vastor said. 'Yet by using a Blade Spell to stimulate your core and then using your counterflow technique to suppress it, your body should gradually get accustomed to high-pressure mana.
'On top of that, by adjusting the size and position of your impurities as your body refinement improves, you should have a concrete chance to survive your Awakening.'
'Let's say you are right. How long would it take?' Orion asked.
'If we want to make sure, a year. Maybe more.'
'I don't have a year! Please, you have to find a way to speed things up.'
Vastor was taken aback, checking Orion's life force just to discover that he was a healthy man with at least 50 more years of good health left.
'What are you talking about? What's the rush? I thought you wanted to Awaken only to live as long as your wife.'
'That was before. Now I need to Awaken to defend my wife and I've only got a few months left.' Orion didn't trust Vastor and his many secrets much, but with the term of Jirni's pregnancy approaching, he preferred to dirty his conscience if it meant keeping her alive.
As Vastor performed the check-up, Orion told him the truth about House Myrok and Gernoff.
***
Ernas Arch Duchy, a few minutes later.
The moment the Royal Guard inputted the coordinates of the Ernas Mansion and the Gate opened, Quylla and Friya took their first sigh in relief. The second came after they stepped through the dimensional corridor and the house staff greeted them instead of offering them their condolences.
"Welcome back, Lady Quylla. Welcome back, Lady Friya. I've read many great things about you two on the interlink." Deiter, the old family butler, gave them a deep bow. "Thanks to you, the name Ernas is once again spoken throughout the Kingdom with the respect it deserves."
"Thank you." Quylla nodded. "Where is our mother?"