Chapter 2974  Gravity Field (Part 2)
 
 "It's brilliant!" Solus had sparkles in her eyes, pondering how she could to do the same for the Fury. 
 "Please, forgive me, Solus. I've learned from my own crimes." Bytra was afraid that the revelation would trigger another panic attack, but Solus remained calm. 
 "Thanks for the apology, but you have no need to. It wasn't you." Every word was like pulling teeth. "Feel free to share the method with me, if it makes you feel better." 
 Zoreth furrowed her brows at the blatant exploitation of the Raiju's guilt but Bytra didn't seem to notice and if she did, she didn't care. 
 "I would love to, but I didn't do everything by myself. I had the idea but the spell is Tezka's. See?" She pointed at the violet dimensional crystal that was now studded on the head of the Absolution. 
 'Too bad.' Solus inwardly sighed. 'I bet that this has aroused every nerd instinct in your body.' She said via the mind link with a chuckle. 
 'How is that?' Lith asked in confusion. 
 'Are you telling me that all that "Whoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor" didn't cross your mind? Not even for an instant?' 
 'Please, that's lame. There's only one Thor for me.' The thunder god of Lith's childhood had long red hair and beard, wore enchanted metal gloves, and a belt doubling his strength. 
 His hammer had a short handle due to sabotage during the Forgemastering process and its powers came from the owner, not the other way around. 
 'Still, it's a good idea to protect the Fury. We'll have to add it to Friya's to-do list. By the way, is it me or isn't just Zoreth's and Bytra's equipment that got stronger?' 
 'I don't know.' Solus replied. 'They wear a cloaking ring that shields both their cores and life forces. It's inferior to those guys' armor but more than enough to jumble mana sense's readings.' 
 'Dammit, we need to know if Vastor is getting closer to fusing their life essences like we did for Nalrond. I could try using Invigoration, but Zoreth was once an Awakened and she knows how having foreign mana flowing inside you feels.' Lith inwardly grumbled. 
 'Or, and I know it sounds crazy, you could ask her.' Solus' thought oozed sarcasm. 'Zoreth considers herself your sister, she is Elysia's godmother, and she's the one who bought our ticket to this fair. Why do you keep treating her like an enemy?' 
 'A rival. There's a difference.' Lith countered soberly. 'Still, you are right.' 
 "Is it me, or have both you and your equipment had quite the makeover?" Lith asked. 
 "It's not you." Zoreth smiled and ruffled Lith's hair. "But let's talk about this later. The children are coming." She pointed with her thumb at the members of the Hand of Fate. 
 "Nice to meet you." The white tiger sounded more fake than a three-dollar bill. "My name is Strider the Zouwu, of the Emperor Beast Yi dynasty." He offered his hand with his claws still extended. 
 "Not to be rude, but I've never seen one of your kind or even heard about their existence before." Lith shook it drily while taking a good look at his reluctant ally now that the white tiger stood still. 
 He had long curved horns coming out of his forehead and tusks from the sides of his mouth. What Lith had earlier mistaken for frills of the Zouwu's armor were small proto-feathered wings on Strider's elbows and knees. 
 They weren't meant to fly, their feathers a tool to fine-conjure air currents and control them with pinpoint accuracy. His tail was very long and it was ethereal in nature. The white came from compressed clouds and the black from the storm brewing within. 
 It was possible to see thunderbolts light the tail from the inside and discharge into Strider's body, probably fueling his abilities. 
 "That's because I'm not from Garlen." The Zouwu bowed his head, in respect to his origins rather than his unwanted guests. "My family comes from the eastern continent of Zima." 
 "These are my subordinates. Rhuta Ailius..." He pointed at a handsome man who gave them a polite nod of his head. He was as tall as Lith, with red hair and blue eyes. 
 "Unanna the Naga…" The creature was a male as well. It had six arms, blue skin, and the lower part of his body was that of a giant snake. He crossed his arms over his chest and gave them a bow. 
 "Ryka the Titania…" The Fae was almost 2 meters (6'7") tall, with the appearance of a gorgeous woman with pearly pink skin, ocean-blue eyes, and long hair the color of red maple leaves. 
 She extended her hand, sprouting one vine for each of her guests who promptly shook them. "And Azhom Rhot. The sanest Lich you'll ever meet." The skeleton was definitely human but what was left of her flesh wasn't enough to guess what she looked like or what she was thinking. 
 "Hi, my name is Solus Verhen." When she offered the Zouwu her hand, Strider's face lighted up with a real smile. 
 "Nice to meet you, Lady Verhen. I wish we could have met under different circumstances and with better company." When he pulled back, from the handshake, Solus found her arms filled with delicious-smelling food. 
 "Thanks!" She smiled while taking a bite from a doughnut-looking sweet. "I mean, wow, you are pretty rude. What threat do we pose to you?" She asked while never stopping to eat. 
 "You mean what threat they pose to us, miss. To us all." The Zouwu waved at Lith, Xenagrosh, and Zoreth. "Abominations aren't named after what they do, but what they are!" 
 His voice turned into a rumbling snarl but this time he kept his feet and mana still. 
 "They murder and pillage with no remorse. Entire villages, cities, and even whole countries have been brought down by those monsters. They forced my family to flee from Zima and seek the protection of the Great Mother." There was anger and shame in his tone. 
 "Those are the Abominations of your country. Here things are different." Solus said, hating Strider lumping Lith with the rest of his kind. 
 "Are they?" The Zouwu said in anger yet gave her more food. "The Organization was behind the monster outbreak of a few years ago. It spawned hybrids like them that made countless victims. 
 "Xacha the Nue, one of the kindest beings I've ever met was driven crazy by them. She became one of them. She killed Myshar the Unicorn, our savior, and then she destroyed my second house, forcing my family to run away again." 
 He glared at Zoreth who shrugged and Bytra who blushed, knowing that she was born from the outbreak. Not the same that Strider was talking about, but only due to dumb luck. 
 Taking their silence as an admission of guilt, he continued. 
 "As for him…" The Zouwu pointed at Lith. "He's just another hybrid. He planted himself inside a human house and played nice. I have to concede that. Yet the moment his identity was exposed, it took him minutes to show his true colors! 
 "Everyone in Garlen has seen Verhen torturing and feeding off the Hogums."