Chapter 2996  Scorched Earth (Part 2).
 
 'After all, Pharek was the closest thing to a Ruler of the Flames they had.' Lith thought. 'This fucker has learned everything Pharek knew and also possesses the Ears of Menadion. 
 'By letting him live, the Council would gain a powerful Forgemaster at its service as a willing slave. The death of Pharek's shadow apprentice doesn't benefit the Council, only me.' 
 "Then how did he orchestrate such well-coordinated attacks?" Unanna asked. 
 "The same way I killed everyone here and sent him a nasty surprise." Lith replied. "His throne is connected to the world energy's maelstrom that fuels the Garden but it does much more than that. 
 "The throne acts like a filter and a safety measure to ensure the output doesn't exceed what the Redcap can bear. The real secret of his strength is a… unknown device embedded in the throne." He said while looking everyone in the eyes in turns but lingering a bit longer on Bytra. 
 'The Ears!' It was more than enough for the Fourth Ruler of the Flames to catch the hint and silently alert Zoreth. 
 "Based on what my fragment learned, the device has at least one function. To read the flow of world energy of the Garden. What looks like a single stream to us it's actually a raging ocean. 
 "That's why Ryka got hurt when she attempted the connection and even Eldritches have to be careful." Lith reminded them of what had happened at the entrance of the cave and they nodded for him to continue. 
 "Which means that while we are inside the Garden, we are surrounded by countless currents of world energy that move in different directions and with different degrees of intensity. 
 "Thanks to the device, the Redcap can read those currents. He uses them to piggyback his spells and willpower, sending them wherever he wants whenever he wants. He can overcome the distance between the temple and our current position because the currents do the hard work for him. 
 "He doesn't consume a shred of his mana or willpower. He just has to move from one favorable stream of world energy to the next to hit us like he's here without taking any risk. 
 "The only downside of this method is that there is a delay between the moment the mana is sent and its arrival. He sees what was happening three seconds ago, predicts our next actions, and reacts accordingly. 
 "That's why there were gaping holes during his attacks. We weren't moving according to his plans and he didn't notice until it was too late." 
 "This is terrifying news." Strider replied. "Whatever this device is, it must be retrieved. We can't let something like this be in the possession of a madman. Fae can use Earth Vision and based on what you said, he has kept us under surveillance until now and there's nothing we can do to stop him." 
 "Yeah, but the situation isn't that bad either." The Titania pointed out. "Earth Vision has a greater range than most mystical senses but it also provides a lesser degree of information. 
 "Our enemy has no idea to which race we belong or what our powers are until we use them. Otherwise he would have probably run away the moment our Eldritches allies were forced to go all-out. 
 "Sending enough minions to swarm us is a great strategy, but the noise and vibrations they cause blind Earth Vision. That's why his undead move on their own with a predetermined strategy. 
 "Amid the chaos of the battle, the shadow disciple can't tell them apart." 
 "That's all fine and dandy but also irrelevant!" Zoreth's eyes were burning with silvery black mana. "Lith, you are still injured and so is Solus. Do you want to take a break? We can Warp you outside whenever you want." 
 The Tiamat looked down at his wounds that were closing on their own. Even without the earlier firestorm, his Abomination Touch made it hard for the parasitic vines and spores to take root. 
 "Thanks, big sister, but no." Lith shook his head. "If we leave, the Redcap might think we are calling for reinforcements. Also, he'll have the time he needs to collect himself and plan smart. 
 "We can't risk him putting Limbell's legacy back in the dimensional amulets and running away. The Garden extends for kilometers and with the device he can Warp to any point he wants without knowing the dimensional coordinates. 
 "If he manages to escape, we might never find him again. We must keep him focused on us. We can take a short rest here. I'll protect Solus, no matter the cost." 
 While the members of the Hand of Fate appreciated Lith's dedication to the mission, Zoreth questioned his motives. 
 'Is he doing this just to secure the Ears of Menadion or because he doesn't want Solus to lose a piece of her mother's legacy?' She pondered, and the answer came to her when she noticed the tenderness with which he caressed the stone ring on his right hand. 
 That, and the spark of barely bridled fury in his eyes. 
 'Love and revenge. Two things I can respect.' The Shadow Dragon inwardly nodded. 
 "Not to be an insensitive Lich, but can you guys afford the time for a break?" Azhom asked. She was the only one to not have suffered any damage and with her phylactery on her, she had already recovered her full strength. 
 "What if he throws more spells and undead at us?" 
 "He can't." Lith replied with a matter-of-fact confidence. "Check it yourself with Life Vision, if you don't believe me." 
 "Life Vision? But…" The Lich flooded her red eyes with light element and discovered that the amount of world energy in the walls was so little that it didn't hinder her mystical sense anymore. 
 "How did you do it?" 
 "My Flames burned everything on their path." Lith cradled Solus' armor like it was her. "The world energy circulating inside a Garden is no greater than a mana geyser. The difference is that it doesn't disperse on the outside. 
 "The world energy is accumulated over time, reaching a density impossible under normal circumstances and with the effects you have witnessed. I relieved the pressure around our position so the Recap can still locate our position but lacks the means to attack us like he did before. 
 "At least for a while." 
 The Lich and her fellow Awakened could see the world energy shifting throughout the stone to restore the balance of the Garden, but it would take time. 
 "Also, now that I know how his attacks work, I have an unpleasant surprise for him." A savage grin appeared on the Tiamat's face, as if he couldn't wait for the next clash. 
 "Thank you for your help and dedication to the mission. Our enemy is a serial murderer but with the kind of device you describe he's a threat to the Council." Strider said. "Even though I feel sorry for what happened to Solus, I was going to ask you to continue the mission." 
 "Yet there's something I need to know. Are you telling us that every part of you is alive and can fight on its own?" He asked while looking at the droplets of Lith's blood on his armor and on the ground.