Chapter 3018  Not a Hero (Part 2)
 
 "Yesterday." The magnitude of Orion's lie exceeded his poker face, making Nelia click her tongue in reply. "Thanks for the food." 
 He gulped down the stew like a man who had just escaped a desert drinks water. He cut the steak into fine pieces, holding the bones with his hands and gnawing at them to not miss a single morsel of meat. 
 He tore the bread into big pieces which he used to scoop both plates before chewing them. 
 Nelia stood in silence the whole time and refilled Orion's glass of water as soon as he emptied it. Whenever she bent down to do it, her hair formed a flaming red waterfall that blocked Orion's vision. 
 He noticed it only halfway through his meal, when his stomach gave him the respite he needed to notice her clear silver eyes and beauty. She was Tyris' direct descendant which made her appearance dreamlike. 
 It took him even longer to notice the restraints at his feet. 
 "Thanks for your hospitality but I'm a married man. Where are we and why are you keeping me your prisoner, Griffon?" 
 "Don't flatter yourself, young man." Nelia's smile was like a sunrise after a stormy night but it left Orion only more worried than he already was. "You are not my prisoner. You are the M-, I mean F-, dammit, Vastor's prisoner. I mean guest." 
 She had trouble remembering who knew what and how much she could tell to whom. 
 "This will be your room until the procedure starts. Here, have seconds." 
 "Am I still inside the Vastor Household?" Orion asked while wolfing down his food, this time with a modicum of manners. 
 "I'm sorry. I can neither confirm nor deny." 
 "Why do you call it a procedure? Isn't Awakening a common event for your people?" 
 "No, it's rare even for us and considered impossible for bright violet-cored people like you." 
 "Can't you undo the straps? I feel awkward." 
 "No. Do you want more food?" 
 "Are you telling me I slept for a whole day? I need to go back home, reassure my wife that I'm okay, and make up for the lost training time!" He said while finishing his meal in a frenzy. 
 "So much for not being a prisoner." Orion grumbled but accepted the third tray. "Gods, how long was I asleep? I'm still hungry." 
 "That's because you missed dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner again, and whatever meal you usually have in between." 
 "Are you telling me I slept for a whole day? I need to go back home, reassure my wife that I'm okay, and make up for the lost training time!" He said while finishing his meal in a frenzy. 
 "No, you are going back to sleep." 
 "I don't have time to-" Nelia touched his forehead and a simple healing spell made Orion fall unconscious, snoring. 
 "Humans." She shook her head and called Vastor on his amulet. "Your friend is fine, Father, but he needs at least twelve more hours. You were right. His body is a mess but I'm fixing it." 
 *** 
 Twelve hours would have sufficed, but Vastor waited until Orion woke up on his own fourteen hours later, trusting the body more than the mind. 
 "Help! Someone call- Wait a minute!" Orion was strapped again but this time he knew what was happening. 
 "Good night, idiot." Vastor checked his clock, confirming it was half past midnight. "Shut up and eat. Do you have any idea how much time and money your stupidity cost me? 
 "The machines for this procedure cost money. My time is worth a lot of money. Every moment my children spend at your side I'm bleeding gold. You cost me a lot, Lord Ernas. You'd better survive and repay me for my investment." 
 He undid all of Orion's straps with a snap of his fingers and a touch of Spirit Magic. The Master handed Orion a large tray with several dishes based on meat and vegetables. 
 Lord Ernas had many grievances with Vastor but his mouth was too busy eating to express them out loud. All he could do was gobble and glare. 
 "I had to stay cooped up at home for almost two days and recall my aides from the field. We've all waited for our sleeping beauty to wake up." The Master had no such problem and even more grievances. "I should be in bed with my wife, not spend the night with a man." 
 One that they both agreed so Orion nodded vigorously. 
 "While you fill your stomach, let me introduce you to my team. You already know Xenagrosh and Bytra." 
 "Elysia's godmother, sure." Orion extended them his hand and they shook it. "You helped avenge my Little Flower and now this. If there's anything I can do to help you, please, just let me know." 
 "Don't be silly." Zoreth replied. "Phloria was important to Lith which made her important to me, just like you. I'm glad to help." 
 "You should remember the others from my wedding." Vastor continued. "Nelia, Kigan, Cyare, Hushar, Eycos, and Nandi." 
 "Damn, usually to meet so many good-looking people in a single room I have to go to Lutia." Orion shook their hands in turns. 
 "She's the only new face. Orion, meet Abthot. Abthot, he's Orion." Vastor's voice went stone cold on the last phrase, something that Orion recognized as a lack of trust. 
 "Nice to meet you, Lord Ernas." In her human form, Abthot had long strawberry blonde hair and violet eyes. 
 Her skin was slightly green due to her ogre side still stabilizing, giving her the color and beauty of a Dryad. 
 "The pleasure is all mine, milady." Orion finished his meal and got up from the bed to perform some light stretching. "Do we need so many people just to Awaken me?" 
 "Just?" Vastor echoed in annoyance. "Do not 'just' me, Orion. This is the bare minimum and everyone I could find or you'd see more people here." 
 A snap of his fingers lightened the room as clear as day, revealing the presence of a large metal contraption that reached the ceiling. It was comprised of five gene tanks. One in the middle and the other four arranged in an X shape. 
 "Nandi will take control of the world energy, increasing and releasing the pressure on your mana core based on my instructions." 
 The Minotaur had the gems on his forehead, hands and chest appear on his skin. A single wave of his hand emptied the room of world energy, the unnatural void giving a pit to Orion's stomach. 
 "Nelia and Eycos will give everyone the power we need." The two women had bolts of silver lightning run from their fingertips to their eyes and back. 
 "Hushar and Cyare will take care of you, instead, ensuring that your body can resist the process." The Leviathan wore his Maw of Bytra and used it to conjure several arrays that his Elemental Flow bloodline ability turned into completely different magical formations. 
 The Fenrir infused Orion with Mana Body, improving all of his physical abilities and making him resistant to mana, even his own. 
 "Abthot is a recent addition but she's no less vital for your survival. She-" 
 "What is he wearing?" Orion pointed at Hushar's Maw, cutting Vastor short. "What are you all wearing? Is that…" 
 "The Mouth of Menadion? No. It's the Maw of Bytra." Vastor replied. 
 Hearing those names one after the other made reality click inside Orion's brain despite his attempts to deny it.