Chapter 3040  Eldritch and Abomination (Part 2)
 
 'Yet if that's the reason he had to leave, why didn't he just tell me?' Tista realized that family matters were complex and that it was ultimately her fault if her relationship with Bodya was still shallow even though they dated for over a year. 
 Despite all of this, the fact that he had yet to make his decision and left her in the dark hurt. 
 Lith made the introductions and explained to her the reasons for the Father of Fire's visit. 
 "Can we please postpone this conversation? I'm exhausted." Tista groaned. 
 She had spent the morning training her magic and researching her bloodline abilities in the Desert with the help of the Phoenixes. Salaark's blood ran the thickest in her veins and the members of the Nest were always happy to help her. 
 Also, she didn't know a single Dragon who would spend so much time with her without asking for something in return. Surtr and Zoreth were the only exceptions but the former was already busy with Lith and the latter was on some errand. 
 "Indeed we can." Valtak nodded. "You are both tired and I need you fresh or I'd just waste your time. Would you like to move it to this afternoon or tomorrow?" 
 "Tomorrow." Lith replied. "I haven't seen Elysia since breakfast and I don't want to neglect her for the rest of the day." 
 Kamila cleared her voice in what sounded like her best growl since her bond with Elysia had been severed. 
 "Also, my wife." A second, deeper growl emphasized her annoyance. "I mean, I haven't seen my lovely wife and daughter since breakfast and I don't want to neglect *them* for the rest of the day." 
 "Nice try but it's not enough." She grunted. "We'll talk about this later." 
 "Then I'll take my leave." Valtak kissed Elysia's forehead before returning her to her mother. "I've already imposed my presence for too long and I'm sure you have many things to talk about. 
 "Most of them are better spoken behind my back since I expect them to not be nice. Dragonspeed, Lady Verhen." He offered his hand to Kamila. 
 "I'd gladly stay for lunch." Gentor sniffed the delicious smell of roasted cows that came from the kitchen. "But there's not enough for three of us and no point to go all hungry." 
 "Also, no one invited you." Lith pointed out. 
 "Lady Verhen is too formal. Call me Kamila." She shook it. "If you want to ever call me Kami, you must be less of a prick." 
 "I'll keep that in mind." He chuckled. 
 "I'd gladly stay for lunch." Gentor sniffed the delicious smell of roasted cows that came from the kitchen. "But there's not enough for three of us and no point to go all hungry." 
 "Also, no one invited you." Lith pointed out. 
 "I thought it was just an oversight." The Golden Dragon clenched his chest in mock pain. "You wound my heart, little brother." 
 "Better than you emptying my plate." Lith chuckled. "Next time, announce your visit. You can't improvise a Dragon's meal." 
 "Truer words were never spoken." Gentor sighed. "Bye!" 
 A Warp Steps led the two Wyms dozens of kilometers away and allowed Kamila to drop her smile and scowl at Lith. 
 "Well, do you have something to say to me?" 
 Judging by the tension in her shoulders it wasn't just about his blunder. 
 "Hi, Kami." Lith gave her a hug and a kiss. "How was your day?" 
 "Thanks for asking." She sighed. "It was great. At least until Kaz had the gall to come here and act like he's part of the family." 
 "Your brother was here?" Lith said, leaving Kamila and Solus flabbergasted. 
 Neither had reminded him who Kaz was and Lith remembering the name of someone who had been mentioned to him a couple of times was unbelievable. He rarely remembered the names of those he had worked with for years, unless they gave him a good or bad reason to. 
 "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to." Lith said, misunderstanding their reaction. "I know that you've disowned him and don't consider Kaz part of your family more than I do with Meln. I just don't know how to refer to him. Former brother? Ex brother?" 
 "First, it's not a job that he can quit. Second, eww. Sounds like we've dated." Kamila chuckled. "Let's call him…" 
 Her eyes fell on the babies who were staring at her intently. 
 "Blood relative." She sighed. "What about your day?" 
 "Tiring, but probably more pleasant than yours." Lith set up the table with a wave of his hand and everyone sat down, waiting for Raaz to arrive. 
 Once the family was reunited, Kamila told everyone about her conversation with Kaz. Once she was done, Lith shared the results of his training with them. 
 "Is the Engine so powerful that it can go toe to toe with a white core?" Elina was flabbergasted. "Isn't it still around 60% of the tower's true power." 
 "Toe to toe is a strong word." Lith groaned at the thought that, if he hadn't lost the Ears, now the Engine might have reached over 80%. "More like we can take Sinmara on as long as she fights barehanded and doesn't use her most powerful spells." 
 "Dya." Elysia grabbed Lith's arm, using light magic to alleviate whatever the source of his distress was. 
 "Don't listen to Mister Grouch here." Solus snorted. "We also can't use our best spells and equipment because the point of the training is not killing each other." 
 "Is that a healing spell?" Aran pointed at the faint glow around Elysia's hand. 
 "That's my girl." Lith peppered her head with kisses and used Dragon scales to reassure Elysia of his well-being. "Thank you. You can stop now or Daddy will get even hungrier." 
 "Da." The baby girl nodded and raised her hands toward Kamila. 
 "How sweet! After making sure her Daddy is alright Elysia wants to give her Mommy a check-up as well." Yet instead of using light magic, the baby girl tugged and bit at Kamila's shirt. 
 "This is unfair! He gets your first spell and I'm just your meal ticket?" 
 "Mama?" Elysia looked at Kamila in confusion with her big round eyes, covering her hands with Dragon scales in the attempt to communicate. 
 "I'm sorry, sweetie, Mommy can't do it anymore." Kamila held the small hands, feeling her anger disappearing. "Let's get you some milk." 
 She stood up to feed the baby in the privacy of her room. She loved Raaz and Senton and considered Trion a good man but she wasn't comfortable exposing herself in front of any of them. 
 "Mama!" Elysia giggled, conjuring a gust of wind that would have undone the closest button of Kamila's shirt if not for its enchanted nature. 
 "Great! I got your second spell but not the one I wanted." 
 *** 
 "Are you really planning on going back to Jiera and fighting another lost city?" Kamila asked. 
 After the meal, they had put the babies back in the crib for their nap while the parents used Accumulation to refine their cores. 
 "Why not?" Lith shrugged. "If we win, we'll make the colonization faster and easier. If we lose, since we'll stand over a geyser we have imprinted, we can Tower Warp the moment things go south. Either way, we'll have gained priceless battle experience." 
 "What if the lost city recognizes the Engine?" 
 "A millennia old piece of junk who's been locked up until a few years ago?" Lith snorted.