Chapter 3043 Authority and Responsibility (Part 1) 
 
 3043 Authority and Responsibility (Part 1) 
 Vothal's words oozed venom, just like the droplets of acidic spit he released to intimidate the uninvited guest. They were too small to kill even a human but big enough to give a solid sting. 
 "I'm sorry, Grandfather. I was just worried about your well-being." Bodya kept his distance and gave him a deep bow. "If that's what you want, I'll leave and won't bother you any longer." 
 Vothal stared at the unfamiliar features of the newcomer in confusion, at least until he activated Life Vision and recognized his grandson's energy signature. 
 <"Kid?"> The Elder Nidhogg scanned the area with Life and Earth Vision to make sure no one was eavesdropping on them. He also switched to Leviathantongue just to be safe. <"What the heck are you doing here? If someone discovers your identity, you'll be in trouble."> 
 Vothal cast a Life Sensing and an array-detection spell before daring to use Bodya's name. 
 As he talked, he shapeshifted into a bipedal lizard with opposable thumbs. The pattern of his scales and horns remained the same, but now he wore a grey hooded surplice. It only left his snout, hands, and long tail exposed. 
 It was the attire of Nidhoggs convicted of crimes against the nest, pending the patriarch's sentencing. 
 <"Grampa?"> Bodya was flabbergasted.?<"Why are you wearing the Supplicant Robe and why haven't you answered my calls?"> 
 <"The answer to your questions is simple."> Vothal replied. <"This is all I've left after my banishment. All my grimoires, my artifacts, and even my contact amulet have been taken away and stored inside the nest's vault." 
 <"I've been judged unworthy of the colony and stripped of everything I gained over the centuries thanks to the family's help. This is my new amulet"> 
 The Elder Nidhogg took out a communication device with only a few runes on its surface. 
 <"Come inside. You have much to tell me."> The lair was bare. Vothal hadn't bothered buying furniture since his real form was that of a huge snake. 
 Aside from several permanent arrays, the place was empty. The burrow was just large enough for one Nidhogg to move and sleep comfortably so they had to keep their humanoid form. 
 Bodya told Vothal everything that had happened to him after the warning call and then his grandfather did the same. 
 "My story is painfully short. The detection arrays of the nest tracked the signal of my amulet and I was arrested shortly after contacting you. I didn't deny or excuse my actions. I only refuted the claims I was a traitor. 
 "I told patriarch Forrn that we had already lost too many young warriors and that I couldn't lose you too. I reminded our fellow Nidhoggs that you had been banished, not sentenced to death. That we needed to look after our own and that Thaymos was a threat to the entire nest. 
 "You know the rest." Vothal waved his hand at the cave. 
 "Well, the patriarch and his cronies can go fuck themselves!" Bodya paced around in outrage. "And you have no reason to stay here. Come with me to Garlen, Grandfather. I haven't much, but I'm happy to share it with you." 
 "Thank you for your offer, child." Vothal caressed Bodya's face. "But I'm going to stay here. You need to fight your battles and I mine." 
 "What do you mean?" The younger Nidhogg said in confusion. 
 "I'm not saying you have to marry the Verhen woman…" 
 "Tista." Bodya corrected him. 
 "Tisssta." Vothal hissed in annoyance. "Just that Jiera isn't safe for you. Not yet. Your presence would do you no good whereas I can make a difference." 
 "How?" 
 "I can stay here and talk some sense in the members of our nest who come here to seek my advice." The Elder replied. "Kicking me out was a unanimous decision, but that was only because everyone assumed that you and your Garlener friends would either die or run like cowards. 
 "After you stood your ground and the Great Mother came to your rescue, however, after she destroyed the Black Tide and its shepherd, no one in the nest saw things just in black and white. 
 "Especially after the Great Mother scolded the Jierans for turning their back on her. Most Jierans felt like her speech was addressed to them, and our brethren were no exception. While our 'great' forefather hid inside his lair, Lady Tyris fought for us. 
 "You fought for us. Many of those who cursed your name until a few hours back started calling you a hero." 
 "How do you know these things and if this is true, why are you still in exile?" Bodya asked. 
 "As I said, many changed their mind but not all." Vothal replied. "Forrn couldn't admit that he was wrong and upturn his own verdict a few hours after issuing it. It would have destroyed his credibility and the nest would have demanded the election of a new patriarch." 
 "What an old fool!" Bodya snarled. 
 "It gets better." The membranes over Vothal's eyes opened and closed in quick succession, in the closest thing to a smile his reptilian face could do. "After my banishment, a few of our fellow Nidhoggs came to visit me in my new home. 
 "At first, it was just to make sure I was alright and express their sympathy for my situation. After the Garleners imported their monsters and formed an alliance with the elves, however, more and more Nidhoggs came to me. 
 "They wanted to let me know they think Forrn wronged me and that they petitioned him to revoke my banishment. Thanks to your friends from Garlen, we are taking back the lands we are lost little by little. 
 "It's not much, but it's a start. Our people have hope now and I always point out to them how none of this would have happened without you." Vothal patted Bodya's shoulder. "We sent you to Garlen to find a solution to our problems and you succeeded. 
 "After Tyris' speech, as the monster tides are pushed away from our lands, more and more Nidhoggs of our nest see the Garleners as allies instead of invaders. They come to me in small groups at a time, seeking guidance and advice. 
 "It's the reason I can't leave Jiera. Someone must stay here and lead our people on the right path. When Forrn loses his seat as patriarch, someone must be ready to take his place." 
 "Patriarch Vothal sounds nice." Bodya said with a smile. 
 "It's just a title." The Elder Nidhogg brushed the matter off with a wave of his hand. "It means that everything that goes wrong would be my fault. It's a burden that has crushed better Nidhoggs than me. 
 "Always remember, with absolute authority comes absolute responsibility. Leave this crap to me and go back to Garlen. I'm too old for doing something really important, like having more offspring. 
 "The best I can do is take care of the children of others. You, instead, are young. Make something of your life. Anything is fine except for politics." The two Nidhoggs emitted a hissing laughter that sounded closely to a dry cough. 
 "I'm glad to see that you are doing well and that things in Jiera are going better, grandfather." Bodya nodded.