Chapter 3061  Three Branches (Part 1)
 
 "Also, it's better if we don't give the living legacies more reasons to hate Solus and I. Meln has already tried to rouse them against us." Lith said. 
 "I want the cursed object community to believe that if they don't bother us, we'll return the favor. You guys, instead, have a clean slate with them. Even if they get angry with you, what are cursed objects going to do?" 
 "Attack Salaark's Nest?" Lith pointed at Sinmara with a scoff. "Threaten two Guardian bloodlines?" He moved his finger to Surtr and Rethia. 
 "Excellent thinking, lil bro." Sinmara nodded. "Go home. We'll take it from here." 
 "Are you sure?" Solus asked. "Can you hold the containment field without us?" 
 "Please, it's something the Council can do, given enough time and people." Rethia snorted. "To us, it's child play. Now go." 
 The three white cores replaced the Engine's Sealed Spaces with their own and clouded Argantyr's crystal to prevent him from witnessing the Tower Warp. Only then did they contact the Awakened Councils of Jiera and Garlen. 
 "I can't believe I'm in the presence of not one, but three Awakened who achieved the pinnacle of the white core." Raagu Drerian, human representative from Garlen gave the three titans a deep bow. 
 "Me neither." Gyrwin Isaar, her Jieran counterpart, followed suit. "I want to thank you for your selfless contribution in restoring the balance in Jiera. You are our honored guests for as long as you like." 
 "Actually, you are just meeting two of them." Rethia chuckled. "They achieved the white core. I just piggybacked on my husband." 
 "Are you saying that it can be taught?" Aren Dolm the Jǫrmungrandr, beast representative of Jiera seethed with envy. 
 "It can." Surtr replied curtly. "How long until we can go back to our business?" 
 "Not much." Feela the Behemoth, Aren's Garlener counterpart, said. "Our local mines can provide the raw materials for the new seal and the transoceanic Gates will give us the rest." 
 Aren hated hearing the Garleners speak of Jieran mines like they owned them, but he had to admit that without the Garleners, the local Council would have lacked the means to imprison the lost city on such short notice. 
 "My colleague is right, Lord Surtr." He said. "Ever since the Elemental Lord escaped, we have worked to update the sealing arrays left us by the ancient Awakened who trapped him first. 
 "His new cage will be much stronger and more efficient. Also, thanks to the debilitated state you've put him into, it might take years before the barrier requires any maintenance." 
 "Try not slacking off this time." Sinmara grunted, making the entire Jieran Council blush in shame. "Don't count on our help if this happens a second time." 
 "Speaking of which, why are you here?" Inxialot, Lich King and undead representative said and his colleague, Breganoth, the Lich Sovereign, nodded. "I doubt you have ascended to the white core by wasting time with charity work." 
 "Indeed." Surtr nodded. "We came here to hunt the Horseman of Night. He betrayed our fellow white core Baba Yaga, dared to threaten our little brother, and called these filthy cursed objects for help!" 
 He shared with the Councils the news about Dusk's apparent demise and made up a story about Argantyr and Thaymos being sent by Orpal to harass Lith. The Dragon of Light had no idea he was right about Thaymos. 
 Surtr was just basing his lie on the living legacies that had ambushed Solus in the Empire months ago. 
 'I can't give Lith credit for this but I can at least make the cursed objects on Mogar think twice before messing with him. This way, even if Night gains new powers and loses her seals, no one will help her.' Surtr thought and the other two white cores telepathically nodded. 
 <"Why are you talking with these traitors? These guys are in cahoots with that runt! Don't trust them."> Argantyr said in anger, but no one understood him just like he didn't understand them. 
 It was the reason behind Lith's deception upon meeting him. This way, even if someone spoke such an ancient language, the Elemental Lord couldn't say anything about the Engine. 
 "What is he saying?" Gyrwin asked. 
 "The usual bullshit." Rethia shrugged. "That he'll do anything as long as you become his host. That he'll give you infinite power, endless riches, yada yada." 
 "Hush this bastard." Sinmara suggested. "Better not let some power-hungry idiot buy his ramblings and threaten Jiera out of greed." 
 The Council replaced the Sealed Spaces and spread the news of Night's crimes far and wide. The information soon reached the cursed objects and they cursed the Horseman and the day they had met her. 
 It was because of Night that three ancient immortals and two cursed cities had fallen. Or at least so they believed. They bought Surtr's story and started to search for Night. They would kill her or steal her secrets. 
 Whatever came easier, would do. 
 *** 
 Verhen Mansion, a few days later. 
 With the tests on the Prime Engine completed, Lith had now the time to practice with Ryla during the days he wasn't busy with Valtak. 
 The Fomor was his best bet at understanding the dormant powers of his eyes and the phenomena he had experienced while fighting the Eternal Fortress. 
 Lith would have liked to do it sooner, but he had to wait until he managed to be capable of getting far away enough from Elysia to not endanger her with his experiments. Truth to be told, Lith was enjoying fatherhood and the recent peace. 
 He preferred to take care of his family, to teach Kamila and the children magic, rather than spend his days in an obsessive search for power. Meln's threat had forced him to go back to his old ways and put work on the same level as family. 
 Thanks to the mana geyser below the Mansion, Solus could keep her body indefinitely while they stayed there and the tower's arrays ensured the perfect condition for his research. 
 Kamila was sitting on a bench at a safe distance, holding Valeron the Second in her arms. Solus was by her side, holding Elysia since both kids didn't like to stay away from Lith, and Valeron's help was needed. 
 'Have you decided whether to tell her or not?' Kamila asked. 
 'No. The implications are huge and once the secret is out, there's no telling what might happen.' Solus replied, nodding at the trio. 
 Lith, Morok, and Ryla sat in the middle of the room, holding their hands in a circle. 
 Each one of them belonged to a different evolutionary branch of the human race which was the reason Lith had invited the Tyrant. 
 'If Solus and I are right, then the three of us have more in common than our eyes. Our powers might be similar or even complementary. What each one of us learns about themselves might help the others.' Lith thought. 
 "From where do we want to start?" Ryla asked. 
 The Fomor was a woman over two meters (7') tall with six eyes on her face and waist-long hair the color of the elements. Her skin was sky-blue and a single set of soft feathered wings came out of her back.