Chapter 3062  Three Branches (Part 2)
 
 Her beauty was stunning and further emphasized by her loose clothes that left her back exposed. It wasn't a fashion choice, just the only way to not restrict her wings and their powers. 
 "From what we already know, as usual. Any element will do." Morok replied. 
 Upon reaching the violet core, the Tyrant had changed into something different from his kin, different even from his father. Morok was 3.5 meters (11'6") tall with multi-colored scales covering his body from head to toe. 
 The pale skin typical of Tyrants was nowhere to be seen. 
 Only the six eyes opened over different parts of his body and his fangs-filled mouth were the same. His hands ended with razor-sharp claws and his legs resembled those of a cat, giving him greater jumping and running abilities. 
 Last, but not least, the two small protuberances shaped like an overturned V on his back were actually energy wings similar to those an Awakened Fomor would obtain. 
 "Fire, then." Ryla's red eye lit up and her feathered wings turned crimson as they absorbed the fire element from the surrounding world energy. 
 Her whole body was engulfed by mystical fire that didn't burn a single hair on her head or blackened her clothes. Lith and Morok lit up their respective red eyes in the hope of triggering a resonance, but once again nothing happened. 
 Upon their signal, the Fomor let the flames spread from her hands to their bodies, shrouding Lith and Morok in fire as well. Physical contact allowed the two men to trigger their bloodline abilities. 
 Morok absorbed part of the flames, but aside from adding their power to his own, he failed to achieve anything. He couldn't produce more nor did he manage to spark flames of his own. 
 Lith, instead, couldn't do anything until he activated his emerald eye as well. The mystical fire over his body grew in size and heat as he added fire element and a spark of life force. 
 "Nothing has changed." He sighed. "I can nurture the existing flame with my essence but I can't make them on my own." 
 He unfurled his feathered wings but nothing happened. He shapeshifted into the Voidfeather Dragon and lost his control over Ryla's bloodline ability. 
 "Don't do that." She said. "Your Dragon side may be the source of your inner fire but it's not him who empowers your eyes. Embrace your human side." 
 Lith followed her instructions, reverting to human but keeping his feathered wings out. 
 "Why are you doing that?" Morok asked. 
 "All evolved humans have wings and now my feathers bear an elemental pattern similar to a Fomor." Lith shrugged. "I'm not sure if they come from my Dragon or human side. It's worth a shot." 
 "True that." The Tyrant nodded and a burst of elemental energy came out of the bony protuberances on his back, forming proto-energy wings. 
 Alas, nothing changed for either of them so Ryla moved on to her blue eye. 
 While fire ignited the world energy but without the spark of life force that gave birth to Origin Flames, water scattered the world energy with tumultuous and chaotic currents. 
 As Ryla covered them with mystical ice, the two men could feel their connection with Mogar being severed, as if they wore skin-tight sealed suits. After more failures, the Fomor activated her yellow eye and the air element supercharged the world energy, using it to connect every cell with the rest of her body. 
 The mana flow wasn't restricted to her mana circulatory system anymore and even the invisible aura powerful mages naturally exuded was now added to her power instead of just being released in the air. 
 The Life Maelstrom-like effect of Ryla's golden lightning caused the entire body of those who were infused with it to turn into a mana core. Also, it gave its vessels the ability to constantly absorb world energy to fuel their overcharged abilities with a constant flow of new power. 
 The earth element from Ryla's orange eye gave the ethereal mana that circulated through a body substance, turning mana into a powerful shield that could nullify physical and magical attacks. 
 The subject of a Fomor's orange eye couldn't cast new spells while in that condition simply because the earth element instantly assimilated any mana produced by their core. 
 The more mana one consumed, the greater resistance they gained. The elemental armor was highly compressed and the flow of world energy enhanced earth's durability while keeping it flexible. 
 The world energy kept the mana dense and formed an external protective layer at no cost to the user. To surpass the barrier, it was required a strength five times greater than the one expended to create it. 
 The light and darkness eyes, instead, were still a mystery. Ryla had no problem circulating the two elements from the world energy into her wings and then into her eyes. 
 Yet they seemed to have no effect aside from creating a luminous and a shadow layer around her. 
 "Any ideas?" She asked. "Even before their fall, Balors were stuck at tier three magic. As a Fomor, I have overcome that limitation but I've never received a proper magical education until I came to the Mansion." 
 "Maybe the silver eye is linked to something similar to Light Mastery." Morok grunted while looking at Lith. 
 As a member of the Ernas Household, the Tyrant was entitled to receive Nalrond's lessons but the Agni refused to teach Light Mastery to anyone until Friya and the Fastarrows learned the basics. 
 Quylla was free to spectate only because she had already become a Light Master on her own, but she was too busy rearranging her own notes and visiting the various members of the Ernas family to teach Morok anything. 
 She had already tried explaining her method to him but it was too hard for him. On top of that, since news of her pregnancy had spread, people from all over the Kingdom came to visit her. 
 Quylla wasn't an Ernas by blood but she carried their name and her talent for magic was renowned. From the Royal Family to the Court, everyone wanted to curry favor with Quylla, hoping to reap benefits once the pregnancy boosted her powers. 
 Morok hated Light Mastery because he didn't understand it and because it kept him away from his wife. 
 "You might be onto something." Lith pondered. "I have yet to fight someone with a light-based bloodline ability but I've witnessed Tyris'. If Ryla's ability is anything like that, it's not just a simple aim-and-shoot skill like the others." 
 He let the light element flow from Ryla's eye to his mana core, in an attempt to mimic Light Raider. It was supposed to weave the pure light element into any spell he could think of. Lith started by conjuring a construct and then he split it into runes. 
 He felt the energy produced by Ryla's bloodline ability seep inside his spell and into the words of power. Yet instead of allowing him to rewrite them and form a healing spell, the runes just crumbled. Lith tried over and over, but the result was the same. 
 The light emitted by the silver eye made the runes malleable but Lith had no idea how to remove the effect once he was done altering their shape, making them unstable.