Chapter 3071  Rough Welcome (Part 1)
 
 "Six o'clock! It's Nyka time." Solus had just finished her magic lessons with Kelia. 
 Without the Horseman, the young Awakened needed Solus' help to study and not be crushed by the void that the absence of Dusk left in her mind. Solus was slowly decreasing the use of mind links with Kelia to wean her off her need for telepathic communion. 
 "One second." Lith called Vladion who altered the dimensional compressing arrays that surrounded Lightkeep, allowing them to Tower Warp there. 
 In the blink of an eye, the tower became one with Mogar's flow of world energy, using it to pinpoint the dimensional coordinates of their destination despite the thousands of kilometers separating the Mansion in the Kingdom from the city built in the depths of the Empire. 
 'I bet that Tower Warping is one of the enchantments linked to the Ears of Menadion.' Lith thought. 'It explains why not even Baba Yaga can travel this fast and can't reach the moon.' 
 'Agreed.' Solus nodded. 'Just like the spells Maergron thew at us from a distance with the Ears, the tower piggybacks Mogar's energy currents to carry the dimensional spell to an otherwise impossible distance. 
 'It's the same reason we need a mana geyser on Mogar to align with the one below our lab on the moon to reach it. It creates a temporary tunnel of world energy that we can ride since the moon is a part of Mogar. It's just far away and moves incredibly fast in the sky.' 
 For a moment, Lith thought the moon might be some kind of orbital weapon or shield. After all, Mogar was a sentient being which meant more living planets were likely to exist. 
 'Also, it would explain why the moon is supercharged with perennial Life Maelstrom. Fuck me sideways, I need help.' Lith shifted his paranoia down to ten and opened the tower's door. 
 "Lith, Solus. Welcome to Lightkeep." Vladion Dragonborn was waiting for them along with his wife, Lysa, his son, Radusk, and Dawn. 
 Radusk now had healthy pink skin and had grown over twenty centimeters since the last time Lith had seen him. Lysa seemed to age backward and looked gorgeous. Her blond hair shone like gold and her blue eyes sparkled like jewels as she welcomed her guests with a hug. 
 "Thank you for what you did for my baby boy." She said. "He's not hungry all the time anymore and he can now play during the day with the rest of the children." 
 "Mom!" Radusk turned to a bright red. "I'm not a baby boy. I'm a powerful vampire overlord like Dad." 
 He extended his canines and claws to emphasize the concept, turning from an adorable little rascal to an adorable little rascal ready for trick-or-treating. 
 'Gods, Radusk reminds me of Aran when he tries to act like you.' Solus had a hard time stifling laughter. 'The more serious he acts, the cuter he gets.' 
 "Of course you are." Lysa lifted Radusk in an embrace and peppered him with kisses. "You are my dark lord, baby. Let your Mommy pay you her respects." 
 "Mom! Please, stop!" Radusk knew that not even his father would have looked imposing if he were to be treated like that. 
 "We'll pass your thanks to Tyris. Again." Lith said. "Where is Nyka?" 
 "You caught her under the shower so she'll be here in a while." Dawn replied. "Nyka had just finished her training when you called and even an undead gets dirty after tussling on the ground for hours. 
 "Youngsters have problems with time zones, you jackarm. You should have- What the farm?" No matter what she tried, no swear word came out of her mouth as she intended it. 
 "Don't bother." Lith sighed. "You just exposed my secret weapon." 
 He revealed the baby carrier on his back. 
 "Why do you need a secret weapon and what good can your children do to you in the Desert? Salaark already loves you like a grandson." The Horseman asked. 
 "She does, but Scarlett hates my guts." Lith nodded. "I need to ask her a favor and since she's the Guardian of children…" 
 "Jackarm." Solus, Nyka, and Lysa said in unison. 
 "By the way, how's Kelia?" Dawn cared for the girl, but mostly because it was her best shot at saving her little brother and killing Night. 
 By the time Nyka arrived, Solus had brought the Horseman up to speed and invited her to the Mansion. 
 "Kelia could use your company while I'm away. Also, you've left a good impression on the kids. Just please, stay away from Nalrond, pretty lady." Solus said, making Dawn laugh. 
 "The prettiest in the house." The Horseman tutted. "I can come to the Mansion for her and for you, Solus. Practicing telepathic attack and defense on your own can only bring you so far. 
 "We can revise your progress and I can teach you more advanced techniques." 
 "Sounds like a plan." Solus nodded and planned her lessons for the day when Lith went away to train with Valtak. 
 "Sorry for the delay." Nyka ran to them. "What are you talking about?" 
 A quick mind link and the Vampire joined their earlier laugh. 
 After bidding goodbye to Vladion and inviting him and his family to the Mansion as well, they moved to the Desert. 
 The spot reserved for the tower was guarded 24/7 by Phoenixes because it was the only inner area of the palace left vulnerable to dimensional magic on purpose. Also, there was no telling if Lith was coming there of his will or under duress. 
 "Is the Vampire with you or is she part of a plot?" Crevan trapped Nyka in the tier five Spirit Spell, Amber Prison. 
 It sealed her physical and mystical senses so that Lith could answer honestly. 
 "She's a friend, Crevan." Also, the spell kept Nyka from seeing the secret sequence of fusion magic elements Lith used to confirm his words. 
 Words could be heard, gestures seen, and spells detected via enchanted devices planted on one's body whereas fusion magic could only be seen in person with Life Vision. 
 "Good." Crevan nodded and dispelled the Amber Prison. "I apologize for my rudeness, young miss." 
 "No problem. I know undead have a bad reputation." She gave him a bow. "I'm here to see Scarlett the Sekhmet." 
 "I vouch for her. She's Scarlett's godchild and her intentions are honest." Lith answered Crevan's silent question. "Ask the Guardian of Children an audience for me as well, please." 
 "I'll be back in a moment, please wait." Crevan Blinked, leaving the other seven Phoenixes of the team behind. 
 They looked calm and their smiles friendly, but their hands remained on the hilts of their weapons. Their relaxed stance would allow them to switch to offense or defense at a moment's notice. 
 "Let me guess." Nyka said. "You form an eight-man unit because this way one of you can leave and the rest can cast a fully powered anti-Guardian spell." 
 "Correct." Lenanna nodded. "There are only few beings who would dare challenge Mother in her own home and their power can't be underestimated." 
 "Lalala." Elysia greeted the Phoenix while trying to say her name. 
 She melted the heart of the guards but didn't affect their focus nor did Lenanna break formation.