Chapter 3075  Surprising News (Part 1)
 
 As soon as the blood drop detached from Lith's body, it returned to its original size, filling the jar. 
 "Just be cautious. Remember what happened to Protheus and Maergron when they tried to feed on me." 
 "Will do, thank you." As Solus left, Kamila pondered about the current predicament. 
 'Solus is not coming back at least until tomorrow morning. The kids are tuckered out from the excitement of today and have just eaten. Unless something happens, they should sleep the whole night. 
 'On top of that, all of the rooms of the Mansion are soundproofed and the master bedroom is in a separate wing from the rest of the living quarters.' She handed the babies to the handmaidens, asking them to keep an eye on the children and not disturb the master of the house except in case of emergency. 
 "Lith, we need to talk." She said once she was done with the preparations. 
 "What in Maxwell's name have I done this time?" He put down the notes about his latest magical research he was reading and turned to her. 
 "A lot, actually, but not with me. Between the babies, Valtak, your study on human evolution, and everything else, we haven't had much time for ourselves lately." She replied. 
 "I know and I'm sorry." He couldn't remember the last time he had brought her out for a romantic date. "It's just that with Meln, Kelia, the world trib-" 
 Her rose-scented finger pressed on his lips and cut him short. 
 "I know, and I'm not blaming you for any of that. You are an excellent father and a great husband. Yet you have neglected your duties as a boyfriend and I'm feeling lonely these days." 
 "Lonely? With all the people that live in both our houses and our neighbors?" Lith was flabbergasted. 
 "They are company, but they don't help me relax." She sighed. "That's why I've adopted a cat." 
 "A cat?" Lith echoed in disbelief. 
 "Yeah, I'm tired of magical beasts that observe, understand, and talk too much." She nodded. "I want a cute little pet that will keep my secrets. This is our house though, so I can't make this decision without asking your opinion first." 
 "Fine. Show me this gods-damned beast." 
 "I hid it in our bedroom. I didn't want you to find the kitten and let it outside by mistake." As Lith walked toward the door, she took both their communication amulets and put them inside her dimensional storage. 
 Then, with a flick of her fingers, she turned the Warp Gate of the Mansion offline to keep unannounced visitors from disturbing them. 
 "Where is this kitten?" Lith bent down to look under the bed, but there was nothing there or on the chairs. 
 "Right here." Kamila locked the door and let her Featherwalker armor slip off, leaving only a headband with cat ears on her head and a matching set of black-laced open lingerie. 
 A black long tail hung from the back of her panties. 
 "Where?" He turned around and his jaw hit the floor. 
 Kamila walked seductively toward him appreciating the mix of surprise and arousal on his face. She stood on her tiptoes and whispered in his ear: 
 "Meow." 
 *** 
 In the following days, Lith worked during the day and played with the cat at night. The lively creature didn't let him catch more than a few hours of sleep per night since Awakening and training had greatly improved her stamina. 
 "I regret nothing." That was his cryptic answer to Valtak whenever the Father of Fire was forced to Invigorate him to fully restore Lith's strength. 
 Elina was glad to take care of the babies at night. They were quiet most of the times and she hoped that Elysia would soon get another little brother. 
 "Good morning, handsome. I mean, meow." Kamila gave him a deep kiss after putting the headband back on. 
 "Good morning, gorgeous." He returned the kiss, caressing her back and making it arch in pleasure. "My wife can never learn about this. If she discovers I'm into beast-girls, she'll claw my eyes out." 
 "My lips are sealed." She giggled before giving him another kiss to underline the concept. "Do you have to go out today? I'd understand if it was Valtak, but haven't you already mastered the Prime Engine?" 
 "Mastered is a big word." He held her to his chest as they cuddled in bed. "We can use it, but to beat anything at the level of a lost city, we need a plan and an ambush. It's damn complicated to manoeuvre. It gives us a headache every single time." 
 Kamila's eyes narrowed at the "we" for a second before letting it wash off her ego. 
 "Are you guys planning on taking down another living legacy on Jiera?" She asked. 
 "Why would we do that?" Lith snorted, turning his head down to look her in the eyes. "It's not our problem. The Kingdom can deal with the lost cities. Even better, the Jierans should do it. 
 "If we solve the crisis for them, they are not going to learn anything from their mistakes and just wait for someone to come and clean up their mess. A miracle is the worst thing that could happen to them. 
 "Right now, they have a common enemy that is teaching them how to cooperate instead of competing for resources. It also works as a constant reminder of what their constant bickering led to. 
 "It was their leaders who released the plague for their petty political interests and the Jierans let them. Every person that dies or starves because of the plague is engraving deeper in the minds of the current and future generations that actions have consequences. 
 "The Jierans need to become their own heroes or ten years from now they'll have another plague." 
 "Wow. What a Guardian-y thing to say." Kamila caressed his face while carefully shaving his stubble with an air blade. 
 Lith willingly exposed his throat and she responded to his trust by going slow and steady so that it took her only one go to make his skin soft and smooth. 
 "Is it because you've been spending too much time with Grandma and Grandpa or did you come to this conclusion after the last semi-tribulation?" 
 "Neither. It's something that came up while discussing with Valtak why the Jieran Divine Beasts have yet to intervene." Lith replied. 
 "The old lizard is growing on you." She squinted her eyes a little with a pensive look on her face. "Are you thinking about growing a beard like him?" 
 "No." He noticed her disappointment at the answer. "Do you want me to grow a beard?" 
 "Not a full beard or a long one. I was thinking of a goatee." She caressed his chin. "I've always thought it would do wonders for your evil overlord look and persona. Also, if we don't like it, we can always shave you again." 
 "I'm fine with it as long as you are." Lith shrugged. 
 "What do you mean?" 
 "Well, mine is the Awakened facial hair of a Divine Beast. If you are okay taking the sting until the stubble softens or not getting any kiss on any part of your body from me until then, you can stop shaving me from tomorrow." He said.