Chapter 3080  To Ears or Not to Ears (Part 2)
 
 Permanent arrays became much less effective if their owner was away for an extended period of time. Their imprint would start to fade and without the owner's instructions, a skilled intruder could bide their time studying the arrays and take them down one at a time. 
 The solution to this problem was to share the control over the arrays like the nobles did in the Kingdom, pass it to a trusted individual like Scarlett had done to Kalla back when she left to chase after Balkor, or a signet ring. 
 Red mana crystals could accept more than one energy signature but their charge would only last for so long. The signet ring meant that Barham didn't trust his apprentices not to shut down the arrays and kill him if he shared control or give him control over his mansion back once he returned. 
 Lith knew that a signet ring was a Forgemaster's last resort and so did Strider. 
 'A red crystal also holds a limited amount of world energy. Once it runs out, the signet ring will become useless.' The Zouwu thought. 'It means that Barham planned to return in a few weeks tops. 
 'No Dragon, lesser or not, would leave his hoard unattended for long.' 
 Awakened could recharge crystals below the green, but this was an enchanted item. Pumping mana into it would have diluted the control spell and shortened its duration. 
 "If Master Barham's life were in danger, he would have asked me for help." Tanat said. 
 "Or maybe, he asked you for help and you ignored it." Strider replied. "After all, if he were to 'mysteriously disappear', you would inherit Barham's house, legacy, and most importantly, his treasures." 
 He waved at the piles of riches that decorated the place as though pieces of furniture. Wyverns were the closest thing to Dragons among their Lesser kin and often tried to make their lairs resemble a Wyrm's. 
 The internal structure of the mansion was paved in gold-veined white marble, with enchanted paintings projecting the feats of the Neth bloodline hung to the walls and frescoes made of precious gems decorating the ceiling. 
 Unlike Dragons, Wyverns rarely appreciated the artistic value of their treasures, focusing solely on their power and monetary value. It was the reason the lair of a Wyvern usually looked like out of a cautionary tale about greed. 
 The place was shiny and opulent, but without one shred of taste. 
 Calling it tacky was an affront to tackiness. Riches and artifacts were arranged with no rhyme or reason, making it look like the master of the house had dropped them in a random place to catch his breath and then forgotten about it. 
 The only logic Lith's greed could find in the disposition of the various treasures was that things would get more precious the closer they got to Barham's private quarters. 
 'It's consistent with the Lizzies I've met.' Lith thought. 'Ego over taste in a desperate attempt to compensate for being a lizard with an inferiority complex.' 
 "And why would I want that?" Tanat replied. "I'm just an apprentice. If my father were to disappear, I'd lack the means to keep this place. My older siblings would dispute my right to succession and kick me to the curb. 
 "Master Barham's return is in my interest. He is one of the few still-living direct apprentices of my Great Master Ripha Menadion." The Wyvern said with pride while leading them to the entrance to Barham quarters. 
 "Not only did Master Barham learn from the First Ruler of the Flames herself the secret arts which are the foundations of our bloodline legacy, but he also was one of the few people with whom Great Master Menadion chose to share the Ears!" 
 'By my Mom, is he telling the truth?' Solus asked Lith via the mind link while grabbing his arm in excitement. 
 'How should I know?' Lith replied with equal surprise. 'You are Menadion's heir. You are supposed to know this stuff, not me.' 
 'Have you forgotten I have amnesia?' She telepathically grunted. 
 'And I wasn't even born!' 
 Their squabble ended when Tanat brought them in front of a majestic, life-size painting with an Adamant frame embossed with white and violet crystals. 
 "Behold! One of the few testimonies left of the legendary lost Set of Menadion." The group held their breath in awe and astonishment. 
 'Fuck me sideways!' Lith thought. 'Now Strider and Ryka will demand I provide them Blade Spells weapons at my full expense at best or to co-own the Ears at worst.' 
 His streak of silent curses ended the moment his eye gazed upon the "Ears" resting upon the head of the golden-scaled Wyvern at the center of the painting. The alleged artifact looked like winter earmuffs made of Davross and embossed with over twenty elemental crystals of all colors. 
 'What a poser!' Solus thought in outrage. 'Disciple my sweet ass. Mom would never craft something so tacky. I bet this Barham never met my mother and he painted the Ears as only a Wyvern can envision them.' 
 'That or your mother shapeshifted the Ears with every apprentice to hide its real form. It's what I'd do. This way, once I gifted them to someone worthy of them, no one else in the group would know.' 
 'Damn if I hate your paranoia.' Solus replied. 'Especially when it makes sense.' 
 "If you want your father back, you'd better stop obstructing our investigation and start collaborating." Strider was unaware of their dilemma and questioned Tanat's words, making the Wyvern step back like he had been slapped. 
 "Don't underestimate the Hand of Fate. According to our sources, you know more than you are telling us. Your father is not the only Forgemaster who has disappeared. If we are right and he has been lured into a trap, your comfortable days in the mansion are over." 
 Strider's accusations were just a ploy to force Tanat to see past his overinflated ego and make the Wyvern understand that his interests and those of the Council aligned. 
 'I can't force Tanat to help us but I can trick him into believing it's his best option.' The Zouwu inwardly grinned while watching the Wyvern's expression shift from outrage, to worry, and into reluctant submission. 
 "I would love to help the Hand of Fate." Tanat lied through his fangs while wearing his best smile. "But I have no idea where my father has gone. He never tells me about important clients because he's afraid I might steal them from him once I'm done with my apprenticeship." 
 That was true and the Zouwu nodded for him to continue. 
 "Also, I didn't lie before. This trip was planned and carefully organized. My Father was contacted by the client over two weeks ago through some back channels." Tanat noticed Strider opening his mouth and anticipated his question. 
 "No, I don't know who the middleman was or what channel they used for communicating. As I said, my father gatekeeps his network." 
 "There was anything particular in his behavior when he left?" Ryka asked. "Did he bring something unusual with him?" 
 Tanat pondered long and hard to remember the details of the day Barham had left the house. 
 The young Wyvern had been so happy at the idea of becoming the temporary lord of the house and hold absolute authority over his siblings that he had barely paid any attention to his father's departure.