Chapter 3094  Time Out (Part 2)
 
 Raging Sun was comprised of fire and earth elements while Stormnado of air and darkness. 
 They were powerful alone but much stronger when combined. The air fanned the flames of the explosion and carried the flaming rocks while also imbuing them with darkness element. 
 Knowing there was no escape, Lith simply Switched his position with that of an Adamant Golem. The construct took the volley of spells in full, the metal of his body twisted and broken by the violence of the concussive blasts. 
 "Seriously, thanks." Lith cut the misshapen Golem asunder with Double Edge, destroying its core. "I couldn't have done it without you." 
 The other constructs had no pride that his mockery could wound but the same couldn't be said for the people inside the fortress. 
 "Fuck! An Adamant Golem gone! Just like that. Do any of you morons have any idea how much it costs to make one?" The first black-clad figure said. "This ends now or our master will have our heads. 
 "These materials weren't supposed to be wasted in pointless battles." 
 'I have an idea.' Strider said after admiring Lith's handiwork. 'Let's turn their numbers against them. Solus, after me. Ryka, after Solus!' 
 The Zouwu activated his bloodline ability, Flash Steps, releasing a bolt of lightning from his tail that coursed through his body and granted him unparalleled speed. Instead of fighting against the enemies, now he merely passed between them. 
 His twin curved blades were supercharged as well, making them as fast as deadly. Most humans died with a single cut of his swords, their heads severed or their hearts pierced. Some survived either by luck or skill but Strider didn't care. 
 He just moved on to the next line of enemies. 
 Golems would only get grazed by the Adamant covering his claws but the Clean Slate they contained worked just the same. The constructs stuttered for a split second, disrupting their battle formation and creating the openings Solus needed. 
 "Hammer time!" With her bright blue core, she was the slowest member of the group, but far from the less deadly. 
 Solus had jumped in Strider's wake, aiming the Fury at one of the Adamant Golems. 
 The construct was still stunned by the Clean Slate and unable to conjure magic. The full weight of the tower combined with the hardness of the Davross sent the Adamant Golem plunging into the solid rock like a nail hit by a hammer. 
 The darkness, fire, and air elemental crystals of the Fury boosted the power of the darkness element channeled by its Davross head, making even Adamant malleable. The golem folded like an accordion, its core intact but its body paralyzed by the misalignment of the runes that animated it. 
 On top of that, the clash between Adamant and Davross cracked the floor for dozens of meters and produced a shockwave that sent those nearby flying. The fissures in the ground plus the wind blast made many lose their footing and stumble, even from a distance. 
 It was annoying for Golems and Beasts but tragic for Dread Knights. At their speed missing a step meant tumbling into a ruinous fall, losing all the kinetic energy they had accumulated and having to start over. 
 "Stay down, jackass!" Ryka intertwined her fingers, fusing her hands together into a makeshift mace wrapped in the Adamant of her battle gloves. 
 She struck at the nailed Golem right after Solus, bringing it to the breaking point. 
 "Not another one!" Cried one of the Forgemasters inside the fortress. 
 Strider acted as a diversion, strike team, and saboteur by himself, throwing the enemies off balance long enough for Solus to safely step in. 
 "Not this time!" As her hammer arched down toward the ground, the Dread Knights steered clear of her and ordered the retreat. 
 "Thanks, jackass!" Solus struck the floor with all of her might anyway. 
 There was no enemy close enough to attack her which gave her the opportunity to cast her tier four Void spell, Lord of Thunder. With nothing to stop the Davross of the Fury, the ground split open on impact and several chunks of rock were thrown in the air. 
 All of them were magnetized, their conductive elements split from the insulants to form a closed circuit. When Solus released a stream of lightning bolts, the circuit trapped them so that none of their power was lost. 
 Those within the area of effect of Lord of Thunder were electrocuted and their bodies sent into a seizure. Adamant Golems became relay points for the spell, acting as Tesla coils and zapping their own allies. 
 Rock Golems were naturally resistant to the air element so Solus switched it into earth at the last second. The magnetic particles in the air formed stone spears that rode the electrical current in the air to gain speed and never miss their target. 
 The ferromagnetic spears conjured by Lord of Thunder nailed the Rock Golems into place, giving Ryka the time to break through their weakened bodies and shatter their cores. 
 'Guys, I need help!' Strider said. 
 The Dread Knights were still slower than him but after realising the threat he posed, they had focused their attention on him. There were dozens of them charging at the Zouwu from every direction and with flawless coordination. 
 He couldn't block the charge of the galloping horses, the gap in mass and strength was too big. Strider could only dodge and the Dread Knights knew that. Even though they couldn't kill him yet, they were forcing him to move into a kill box. 
 With each passage they came closer to him, the wind blades coating their spears cutting deep enough in his armor to shed blood. His inhuman speed and precise movements allowed him to survive but there was no space to counter. 
 The charge of a Dread Knight left a vacuum in his wake that messed up with Strider's tempo, either increasing or reducing the air resistance around him. Someone moving at his speed needed perfect timing and coordination between his steps. 
 The focus that the Zouwu needed to compensate for the vacuum's effect was quickly turning the tides of the battle against him. 
 'How long for that Blade Spell?' Ryka asked while an Adamant Golem hit her with so much strength to unravel all the vines of her body. 
 It also injected enough darkness magic inside of her to make half of the vines shrivel. 
 'It has been less than ten seconds from the start of the fight! Do you have any idea how hard it is to harmonize multiple power cores with your mana core while fighting for your life?' The charging Dread Knights couldn't stop the Tiamat but they could wound him. 
 The Golems ignored his kicks and tried to cling to him to inject their darkness aura while the Beasts and the humans cast countless frost spells that affected Lith's strength. Cold was a weakness of Dragons that the Tiamat bloodline had inherited. 
 'Close your eyes and don't breathe!' The enemies kept their distance from Solus, afraid of her hammer as much as of the shockwaves it produced even when it missed its target. 
 It gave her time to cast another tier four Void Magic spell, Frost Fire.