Chapter 3101  Bundles of Scales (Part 1)
 
 "Now that I think about it, you never told us how our grandparents died." Solus stopped pushing Raaz away and returned the embrace. 
 "Because it's painful, sweetie. My father died while going to the village to barter crops for something nice for Elina. He was killed by bandits while he was buying us a belated wedding gift!" A tinge of anger made his voice deeper. 
 "As for my mother, she died of overwork and heartache. After what happened to my father and with Elina pregnant with twins, your grandmother buried her grief in work until the pain stopped her heart. 
 "Elina is even more unlucky. Her parents died of a bad flu because they didn't have the money to pay Nana." 
 "And she let them die?" Solus' eyes went wide in shock. 
 "And what was the alternative?" Raaz lowered his eyes in sadness. "Heal for free all those who don't have or claim not to have money? Nana wasn't a bad person but not a good one either. 
 "She healed people for profit and the signs in her office weren't for show." 
 "Gods, I'm so sorry, Dad." Solus wanted to cry, but just like before, she didn't want to scare Elysia. 
 "Can you imagine how terrified Elina and I were whenever one of us or our children got sick? How afraid we were of dooming them to experience our same pain?" Raaz asked and Solus nodded while burying her face in his chest. 
 "Yet we didn't hide in our rooms. We didn't keep our children at arm's length because afraid that the more they loved us, the greater their suffering would be after our demise. We spent every moment we had with them. 
 "We gave them all the joy we could so that even if something happened to us, our children would know how much we love them. We worked hard to have the money to keep them and ourselves from suffering the same fate as Elina's parents and we succeeded! 
 "You, instead, had two wonderful parents who loved you with all their heart and instead of nurturing that love and sharing it with us, you've isolated yourself. You're here, alone, moping about your parents' death when you should celebrate their lives. 
 "Didn't Threin love you?" Raaz asked. 
 "More than anything." Solus hiccupped. 
 "Didn't Ripha do everything she could for you, no matter how flawed her methods were?" 
 "She worked her whole life for me. She exchanged her life for mine." Solus looked at the tower, at the Fury lying to the side of her bed, and all the mementos of Menadion's devotion to her daughter. 
 Silent tears streamed down her eyes. 
 "Then how can you act so stupidly and selfishly? You aren't worried about Lith or Elysia, only about yourself." Raaz wiped her tears and put a handkerchief in front of her nose for her to blow. "You are afraid of how you would feel if something bad were to happen. 
 "There's nothing to fear, Solus. Whatever happens, I'll be there for you. We will be there for you. But we are also going to need you to be there for us. We need you, Solus. Do you understand what I'm saying?" 
 "Yes, Dad." Solus cleared her nose from the snot and hugged Raaz from the bottom of her heart. He wasn't her father, but he was still the best Dad she could ask for. 
 "Dya!" Elysia rolled over and crawled toward them. "Dya! Dya!" 
 She had no idea what was happening but she didn't like the word "dad" associated with tears. 
 "Elysia agrees with me." Raaz chuckled. "What do you say if we bring her to her father and you to your mother?" 
 "I'd love that." Solus smiled. "Let's go, Dad. I feel like I need to hug Mom." 
 "Believe me, she needs it more." Raaz kissed her forehead and brought his girls to the dining room. 
 *** 
 Griffon Kingdom, Verhen Mansion, the next day. 
 Once again, Solus had remained at the Verhen Mansion while Lith and Tista trained with Valtak, patriarch of the Fire Dragons and current Father of Fire. She couldn't risk the Elder Wyrm noticing the stone ring with Invigoration or that she and Lith shared the same energy signature. 
 Dawn came to visit her during such occasions and knowledge would flow according to the principle of communicating vessels. The Horseman taught Solus about the means a living legacy like them should employ to isolate their minds and destroy their host's when necessary. 
 The lessons took place in a makeshift Mindscape, leaving Solus plenty of time to teach the basics of magic to Kamila. In turn, she shared the beginner tips and tricks she had learned during her pregnancy to Selia. 
 The two women were also practicing their Light Mastery which irked the Horseman to no end, especially Selia. While Kamila used Lith's technique and aroused Dawn's curiosity, the huntress followed Nalrond's teachings. 
 In the Horseman's eyes, those techniques were rough and Selia was even rougher in their execution. The huntress hadn't practiced magic one day in her life before Protector Awakened her and calling Selia a beginner was an understatement. 
 "No, no, no!" There was only so much Dawn could take before popping a vein. "You are perpetrating Light Mastery instead of practicing it. Runes are not like the animals you hunt! You are supposed to weave, not butchering them." 
 "Well, if you think I can do better, then help me, smartass!" Selia didn't mince words under the protection of Lith's roof, no matter who she stood against. "If you are just going to nag at me, do everyone a favor and shut up!" 
 "Even a monkey with your same core can do better!" The Horseman ended up giving the huntress small suggestions that yet improved Selia's holograms by leaps and bounds. 
 Useless to say, the kids, Kamila, and Solus took note of everything and followed her instructions as well. 
 "Wait, how can you say smartass?" Dawn looked around for Elysia and Valeron the Second, noticing their absence. 
 "They are not here today." Solus replied while trying to employ the Mental Barricade technique amid the quarrel. Retaining her focus under any circumstance was a key factor in telepathic battles so Dawn relished the chaos during her lessons. 
 "Valtak brought them along. He said that Lith is going to need their help." 
 *** 
 Gorgon Empire, Drakana Region, Valley of Life, at the same time. 
 "Marvellous! Wondrous! Adorable!" The Father of Fire said while playing with the children. 
 Useless to say, his reasoning for bringing them along was half the truth. Valtak indeed needed their help for the lesson of the day but he also wanted to spend a bit of time with his hatchlings. 
 All Dragons treasured their eggs but the old ones at the end of their rope like the Father of Fire loved them even more. On top of that, Elysia and Valeron were special to him. 
 The baby girl carried his blood, making her a member of the Fire Dragon bloodline, while the baby boy was the son of one of Leegaain's firstborns. In a way, Valeron was Valtak's senior and uncle. 
 Also, both Elysia and Valeron were perfect hybrids born from mixing Dragon blood with other species. He wanted to know them and, if they proved capable of learning, teach them a bit.