Chapter 3116 Moon and Sun (Part 2)
﻿﻿3116  Moon and Sun (Part 2)
"The moon is the constant reminder that even if you can't see it, the sun it's still there and you just have to endure the darkness for a while. I chose the moon for you because it gives hope and it's beautiful." Lith said.
Kamila looked at the pendant, then at the Moonroses, and then squealed so loudly that it alarmed Vonam.
"Sorry. Everything is fine." She wanted to feel embarrassed for her blunder, but she couldn't stop smiling. "I stand corrected. The moon is the perfect choice and I love my pendant."
The lunch tasted great and was served with impeccable timing. Vonam relayed the orders to the kitchen, having the various dishes prepared all at the same time but stored in dimensional amulets to be served fresh from the oven/pan.
The concierge delivered a new delicacy only once the guests were done with the previous dish, so as to not clutter the table with plates and not let the different aromas be mixed.
Once they were done with the meal, Lith revealed to have booked a horse-drawn carriage to offer Kamila a tour of Xaanx.
"I usually don't enjoy staring at a horse's ass, but I've received complaints that I always fly too fast or Warp around, keeping my wife from enjoying the scenery. Well, enjoy." He pointed at the rear end of the stallions who snorted in annoyance at his rude remark.
"Thank you!" Kamila couldn't stop laughing. "Do I need to change clothes?"
"Up to you. I'm not changing mine." He shrugged.
Since it was a noble and quite expensive-looking carriage, Kamila kept the evening dress. The coachman guided them through the most picturesque locations of the city, telling them anecdotes and historical events that had made those places famous.
Kamila dismounted the carriage twice. Once to take a long walk in a beautiful park with Lith and another for a shopping spree in the commercial district.
"What? No faces? No looking at the price tags?" She mockingly asked, having already taken care to turn her lucky clothes into their original appearance.
"No." It was a single word but it managed to break his poker face and make the discomfort of his wallet be heard. Also, it made her laugh. "Not today. I want this to be a pleasant date. I'll nag you about this tomorrow."
"I can't wait." Kamila laughed harder and gave him a kiss before picking a couple more outfits.
They returned at the Crystal Cauldron for dinner which was as pleasant and as delicious as the lunch. Kamila tried various seafood and vegetable dishes, and truffles that were part of the local cuisine.
Lith had several cuts of meat, meatballs, meat skewers, plenty of roasted potatoes, and salad leaves that he ate in between servings to clean his mouth.
"At least try something new! This is a restaurant, not a tavern." Kamila said. "No offense to Haug."
"I did." Lith countered. "I've never had this particular cut of meat and I asked Vonam to never bring me two leaves of lettuce of the same kind. If that's not variety, I don't know what it is."
"Fine." She chuckled. "As a wise man told me today, I want this to be a pleasant date. I'll nag you about this tomorrow."
"I can't wait." Lith repeated her words, but with the tone of a death row inmate.
"I was joking!" She blushed in embarrassment.
"Me too!" He laughed to her face.
"If you find this so funny, I'll nag you for real." She blushed harder.
"No nagging, please. It's just that I knew you would say that and I couldn't resist pulling your leg."
"Oh, so I'm a ball buster and predictable?" She pouted. "I forgive you because this is our first date in a long while but mark my words, I'm not forgetting about this."
She stabbed at one of Lith's meatballs with so much fury that it made him swallow in nervousness.
When dessert arrived, it was a delight for the eyes and the nose. It was a cake so big that it occupied the entire upper tray of the food cart. One slice had already been cut and was ready to be served, revealing the cake's inside.
Twelve layers of different kinds of cream formed an expanded rainbow that wafted a mouth-watering smell.
"No offence to the chefs, mister Vonam, but even though every dish of our meal looked and tasted delicious I can tell this cake is on a league of its own even before tasting it." Kamila said.
"None taken." The concierge would have cried out of joy for being called "mister" by such an esteemed guest, but his professional pride held his heart still.
"How is it called?" She asked.
"Hell cake." Lith replied. "Please, go easy on it. It's as hard to digest as it's delicious. We've already had a hearty meal and I wouldn't want you to fall asleep before our night is over.
"Also, we are taking the whole cake back home with us so you can have as much as you want later."
"All right, color me intrigued." Kamila took the slice Vonam offered to her but cut it in half, keeping one part for herself and giving the other to Lith.
"I meant no seconds, not to starve you." He replied.
"Nonsense, you have your plans, I have mine." She tutted.
Kamila regretted not having eaten more of the cake, but only until dinner had the time to settle in her stomach. Then, she felt so full that she was afraid her dress would burst open.
"Let's take a digestive walk, shall we?" Lith offered his hand to her and she took it.
They took a second tour of Xaanx, this time by night and flight. Without the sun and seen from above, the city looked like a magical place. Moonlight painted the scenery silver and the lights coming from inside the homes looked like golden sparkles.
"Come on, slowpoke. Let's burn some of that dinner. Catch me if you can!" Lith bolted forward, forcing Kamila to do her best to keep up with him.
 The use of magic required little physical energy but great focus, especially when a bright yellow core tried to fly as fast as a bright violet. It was akin to a child chasing an adult and just as playful.
Lith never strayed far from Kamila, giving her tips and praising her small improvements. The chase would come to a halt every time they reached a scenic high point of Xaanx.
Being mages, they could fly on top of the tallest buildings and sit there.
"Did you really come here at night to look for spots like this one?" Kamila asked as her legs dangled from the roof of a bell tower on the outskirts of the city.
From there, it was possible to see all the way to the cultivated fields and the nearby lake. The wind ruffled the wheat, forming ripples in their silvery surface while the moon and stars reflected on the lake.
"Yeah, but it's not a big deal. When you have eyes like mine, it takes but a few glances to find them." Lith sat beside her and she leaned her head on his shoulder.