Chapter 3123 Manipulation Attempt (Part 1)
﻿﻿3123  Manipulation Attempt (Part 1)
"Nice to know that you are so morally flexible, Dad." Quylla grunted, stopping her pacing.
"Aren't you the same?" Jirni raised an eyebrow. "You've covered for Lith's secrets for years, even when you knew that what he was doing was a crime and an act of treason to the Kingdom.
"I'm only asking you to cover for our private matters for a few months."
"I need air." Quylla walked out of the room and the space sealing arrays, disappearing through a Warp Steps before Morok could recover from the shock of the revelations and run after her.
"That was a low blow, Mom." Friya said in anger.
 "Maybe, but it was also the truth." Jirni sighed. "I swear, I don't understand how you can have such blatant double standards and get offended when called out on them. How is what I did even remotely comparable with Lith's secrets?"
"It's not but…" Friya hated arguing with her mother because there rarely was a chance of victory. "I mean, after faking Quylla's death, you promised not to lie to us again. Also, we are still recovering from losing our sister.
"How did you expect we would react to the news that we might soon end up attending our mother's funeral as well?"
"First, I promised not to lie to your father ever again, not to you girls, and he knew everything from the beginning." Jirni dismantled Friya's arguments, making her bite her tongue in frustration. "Second, I didn't expect any of this to happen.
"I wanted your father and me to Awaken in order to have a healthy baby and be capable of protecting you and Quylla the next time something crazy happens. And don't say that it won't because you know it's a lie.
"Sooner or later, you'll become Faluel's Harbinger and when that happens, you'll be involved in the power plays of the Hydra bloodline. When Meln Narchat returns, he'll target me, your father, and Lith.
"Do you really expect me to believe that you'll sit tight and not fight that madman?" Jirni pointed an accusatory finger at Friya, nailing her. "Do you really expect your father and me to be hostage of our weakness again?
"To be a liability to your safety and watch our little girls fight for their lives when all we can do is pray? My plan was just to gain the means to help you and your sister and keep us from attending another funeral, not to set off a conflict with the Gernoff.
"I've underestimated their obsession with Oghrom and the lengths they are willing to go to uphold his law, but so what? I'm human, dammit. I can make mistakes and I'd rather die fighting against my enemies than watch you risk your lives from the sidelines again!"
Jirni's eyes misted with tears that she quickly wiped off.
'The hormones must be crazy even for an Awakened.' Friya thought. 'I've never seen Mom cry except for one of her ploys and at Phloria's funeral. Also, if this was a manipulation attempt, she would play it much better.'
"I understand." She actually said. "All you've said is true but it doesn't change the fact that knowing you lied to me again hurts. I'm sorry, but I need a bit of time to process everything."
"Do you want company?" Nalrond asked.
"Yes, but not for me." Friya replied. "Please, stay here and protect my parents."
"Really?" Morok pointed at Orion's violet aura. "We are still at the deep violet, you know?"
"Fine, protect my mother, then, smartass." She snarled. "I want to be sure that nothing happens to them until I make up my mind about this whole mess."
She turned around and walked away slowly, stopping abruptly and adding:
"And also, keep them from doing anything stupid they would cover up with more lies." Friya would have loved to bring Nalrond with her, but he didn't know Jirni well enough to be objective.
The Agni would consider the matter from the perspective of a regular parent while Lady Ernas was anything but. As soon as Friya was out of the area of effect of the arrays, she called Faluel and went to meet her.
"Well, that was awkward." Morok shrugged. "And that's rich coming from me."
"For once, we agree." Jirni nodded. "Do you want to order something in particular for lunch or do you want to start discussing baby names right away?"
"Why should I take advice in naming my children from you?" The Tyrant sipped his tea, a hint of coldness in his voice.
"I'm probably going to die before they are born." Jirni sniffled, bringing a handkerchief to her mouth. "It's my only opportunity to be involved in the life of my grandchildren.
"Please, do me the honor of naming one of them after me so that even if I'll never meet your babies, they'll always have something to remind them of me."
Morok spat out his tea, feeling embarrassed and not knowing how to refuse her request without feeling like a monster.
"Wow, was that an attempt of manipulation?" Nalrond asked.
"Yes." Jirni replied, her tears disappearing and her grimace of anguish replaced by a soft smile. "As I told my baby girls earlier, I won't attempt to manipulate them, but you two are fair game."
Morok spat out more of his tea, drawing Orion's reproachful gaze.
"I've guessed as much." The Agni nodded. "Congratulations. Mission accomplished. Please, Mother, order a hearty lunch for everyone. We're going to need a lot of strength after your first lesson about Light Mastery."
Morok spat out at "Mother" and then again at the offer to teach them Light Mastery.
"Okay, I'd better put this down." The Tyrant put the teacup on the saucer.
"Are you sure?" Jirni tilted her head in disbelief. "I know how possessive you are of your legacy and there's no guarantee Friya will help me. What if she decides to stay out of this and gets angry at you for taking our side?"
"I don't know you, Mother, but I know Friya." Nalrond said, making Morok happy to have no tea in his mouth. "That friend of hers, Yurial, died over seven years ago and she still blames herself for failing to save him.
"Do not get me started about how guilty Friya feels for being still alive while Phloria is dead." He lowered his eyes, thinking at the nights spent consoling her while she sobbed in his arms. "As I said, I don't know you, Mother, Father, but I know how much Friya cares about you.
"You gave her a home, a family, and everything she had given up on since the death of her biological father. No matter how angry she is at you right now, I know that if something were to happen to you, no matter the reason, she'd never forgive herself.
"Even in the unlikely case she leaves you on your own, I won't. I'd be damned before I let her shed one more tear knowing that I could have prevented it. Also, I've always planned to share my legacy with the Ernas. I'm just doing it sooner than later.
"So clench your teeth, my dear in-laws, because I'm going to spoon-feed Light Mastery to you like you are dumb toddlers. Just like you expected me to, Mother."