Chapter 3183  Mage Towers (Part 3)
 
 "Ripha learned how stubborn Solus is the hard way." Baba Yaga sighed. 
 "She would tell the whole Mogar what the Tree has done to her and how to defeat them, even if it costs Elphyn her life." Silverwing ignored the remark. "If you expect me to sit here and do nothing while a demented Fae steals Ripha's life work and kills my goddaughter, you are out of your mind, Yaga. 
 "I don't even know why you bothered coming here. You could have told me everything via the amulet and my reaction would have been the same." 
 "That's why I'm here, you stupid child. Sit down and shut up, now!" In her Crone form, Baba Yaga was shorter than Silverwing. 
 She had also left her tower outside Silverkeep in respect for her host, giving Lochra the home advantage. Yet those were acts of courtesy, not submission. 
 Despite having a bright white mana core just like the Red Mother, the First Magus lowered her gaze and obeyed. 
 "Good girl. Now use that brain of yours that made you famous. Do you really think I'm going to sit this out?" Baba Yaga asked. "No matter if she calls herself Solus or Elphyn, she's still my friend. She's still the baby I held in my arms over seven hundred years ago. 
 "I want to find the Tree and strangle them with their own roots as much as you do but this isn't a bard's tale. Righteous fury earns you a righteous epitaph on your tombstone and nothing more. We have to play this smart. 
 "That's why I wanted to meet you here. To stop you from rushing into action without a proper plan. We can save Elphyn only if we work together." 
 "I appreciate the thought but what can I do?" As Silverwing calmed down, she realized how crazy her gut reaction had been and thanked the gods for Baba Yaga's foresight. "My core is the same as yours, but I'm much less knowledgeable and I don't have allies or a tower." 
 "Correction." The Crone lifted her forefinger. "You do have a tower. It's just disassembled." 
 "Yeah, right because I'm supposed to finish in a few days what I've failed to do in years…" Lochra's voice died on her lips as Baba Yaga crossed her arms and nailed the First Magus with a steel gaze. "Are you really willing to help me finish my tower?" 
 "Depends. Are you willing to follow me in battle and swear upon Elphyn's name that you won't share my secrets?" The Crone replied. 
 "If it means saving Elphyn, I'd follow you through the nine hells and back." Silverwing said. "Also, no offense, Yaga, but everyone knows Ripha did a much better job than you at tower crafting. 
 "Once Elphyn is safe and sound, I'd like you to use Creation Magic to reset Silverspire and give me my ingredients back. I'll keep working on my own Forgemastering technique and build on the foundations I've learned by working with Ripha. 
 "I can't promise you I won't incorporate the decent bits of your tower into mine, but you have my word that my Silverspire tower will be built according to Lochra Silverwing's unique Forgemastering magic. 
 "I've improved on Ripha's work and I'm confident I'll be able to improve yours too. I won't stop researching until Mogar sees a new generation of mage towers built from the results of Silverwing's legacy." 
 Lochra offered her hand to Baba Yaga who was too flabbergasted to move. 
 "You… You have already given a name to your tower and talk about yourself in the third person?" The Red Mother said. "Silverspire? Your unique Forgemastering magic?" 
 Silverwing had yet to turn beet red fully when Baba Yaga started to laugh. It started small, like a stifled snort, but soon it grew in intensity until the Crone was laughing her ass off, rolling on the floor and hugging her chest for air. 
 "Stop that!" Lochra stood up, her voice quivering in embarrassment. "I've learned my lesson. I won't isolate myself for so long that my ego goes to my head ever again. I now realize I sounded ridiculous but there are gentler ways to point it out!" 
 "And that, child, is the reason you never hole yourself up in your lab like a Lich." Baba Yaga wiped off her tears of hilarity. "It's not the phylactery that makes them mad." 
 The Crone extended her hand and Silverwing shook it in haste, eager to change the topic. 
 "Now, Lochra, keep your communicator out and always at hand." Baba Yaga showed her own amulet to the First Magus before putting it back inside one of the pockets of her dress. "If anything new happens or someone finds Lith, we must be ready to intervene. 
 "He's our best shot at finding Solus. We need to take him alive and in one piece. Are we clear?" 
 "Crystal." Silverwing nodded. "Just a couple of questions. If he's amnesiac, how is he supposed to help us? Also, what can he do that not even two white cores like us can't?" 
 "You forget his Divine Beast side, child." The Crone replied. "A Dragon can feel his treasures no matter the distance while a Phoenix can do the same for his blood. Lith is both a Dragon and a Phoenix and Solus is both his treasure and his blood. 
 "Even if no one finds the Fringe of the World Tree, Lith might do it simply because his homing instinct has been attuned to Solus thanks to the years they spent together." 
 "It makes sense." Silverwing nodded. "But why do you consider it a last resort? The new World Tree has gotten their Fringe less than three years ago. It doesn't matter where the World Sapling was, the moment they were appointed as the Yggdrasill, the entrances to the Fringe became fixed at any point of their choice. 
 "The Tree might be on Garlen and the entrances be in Jiera, Verendi, or maybe even Zima. Even if we recover Lith and his homing instinct is reliable, it might take us weeks, if not months to bring him close enough to Elph- Solus to sense her." 
 "You'd be right, if it wasn't for his friends." Baba Yaga nodded. 
 "Who? The Ernas girls? The silly Rezar? The crazy Tyrant? The pathetic wolf?" Silverwing sneered. 
 "Point taken." The Crone pursed her lips. "Let me rephrase. The friends of his friends. Why do you think I've kept the identity of the Master a secret even to you? The answer is that he is no threat to me and only a fool makes herself an enemy of Tezka." 
 "The Suneater?" Silverwing shivered at the name. 
 "In the fur." Baba Yaga replied. "Now, let's get to work." 
 *** 
 Arch Duchy of Essagor, Vastor Household, at the same time. 
 Zogar Vastor had been alerted of both Lith's disappearance and amnesia long enough before the Royals not to make him feel left out but still late compared to Zoreth. 
 Yet at the moment the Shadow Dragon had more important things to worry about than his wounded ego. 
 "Please, Dad, back me up on this. I promise that I'll explain everything to you." Then, she quickly added. "Sooner or later." 
 "Sooner or later?" There was bitterness and annoyance in the short strides of the Master's short legs.