Chapter 3193  Second Phase (Part 1)
 
 'Now that I think about it, I should have a bigger mass than a toy horse. Yet I'm still new to this world and the little buddy knows more than me.' The Void rolled to a side while calling upon a spell that was slowly rising to the tip of his mana core. 
 He was still moving when Night unleashed her tier five Spirit Spell, World Crusher, from Thorn's tip. 
 An emerald sphere that resembled Mogar seen from space appeared in front of the galloping Moonlight, swallowing everything in its path and trapping it in the spell's core. 
 The six elements produced a gravity one hundred times stronger than normal that affected the space inside the sphere and made it impossible to escape its boundaries once captured. 
 To make matters worse, the fire element alternated with the water element, bringing World Crusher's temperature from one thousand degrees to -200°C (-328°F) and back in a loop. 
 The air element brought the internal pressure to 100 atmospheres while the light and earth elements made the sphere diamond-hard and darkness filled it with poison. 
 Rubble, corpses, and even the upper part of the road were devoured upon Night's passage, leaving behind a perfectly smooth trench in the ground as if they had been erased from existence. 
 Everything was compressed until it either collapsed under its own weight or was pulverized by the elemental onslaught. 
 "Fuck me sideways!" Derek threw a few spells into the emerald globe but they fared no better than the rubble. "Thanks for the heads up, buddy." 
 "Keep running!" Ragnarök replied. 
 Derek was fast, but Moonlight was faster. Night charged at him in a straight line, crashing through buildings and debris like they were paper. Keeping a spell that powerful active would have drained the mana of a bright violet-cored mage, but thanks to her tower, Night had no such problem. 
 The steed provided her with a constant flow of world energy akin to a continuous use of Invigoration but with no side effects. Or rather, almost no side effects. 
 'We can't channel World Crusher for too long or Thorn's power core will explode.' Meln said. 
 'I know.' Night replied. 'It's the reason I can't channel it through my body either. I can't risk suffering mana abuse. My crystal has yet to fully heal and your core is not strong enough to handle the spell. We need to be quick.' 
 'I can't outrun her on the ground.' Derek cursed and flapped his wings, seeking refuge in the sky. Just like Night wanted. 
 'Up in the air, World Crusher is a waste of mana, but unlike us, Leech has no tower. Abominations can't tap into the power of the mana geyser without making physical contact.' She dispelled the emerald globe while chasing after her prey. 
 The Horseman lunged several times, each strike released a Wailing Wind that chased after the Void. Derek blocked the first with Ragnarök but the impact almost made him lose his grip on the blade. 
 The second one pushed him off balance, creating an opening that the third, fourth, and fifth Wailing Wind didn't miss. The darkness blasts cracked the Voidwalker armor and ate at the Abomination, driving him mad with hunger. 
 Night struck with Thorn, the side tips of the winged spear cut through the armor and injected more darkness element inside. Derek was still spinning through the air when Moonlight turned around for a second charge heralded by another volley of Wailing Wind. 
 "Enough!" The Void was beaten and battered, his priority was to get back to the ground and the sweet balm of the geyser as quickly as possible. 
 He unleashed the tier five Spirit Spell, Primordial Roar, imbuing it with lots of mana and most of the stolen Life Maelstrom he had left. 
 'I would use it all, but if not for this weird lightning, I would be dead already. Better safe than sorry.' He thought and Ragnarök agreed. 
 There were a lot of things the cursed blade could do with Life Maelstrom and keeping the Chaos at bay was one of them. 
 The emerald shockwave of the Primordial Roar canceled the Wailing Winds and struck the Horseman and her steed like a freight train, yet she didn't stop her charge. 
 "Too bad you are amnesiac. This has been a glorious battle!" Night activated Orpal's bloodline ability, Frost Soul. 
 The blue flame of his elemental crown lit up above her head and all the mana in the air froze instantly. Primordial Roar collapsed on itself while Frost Soul worked its way through the Abomination's body and into his mana core. 
 Frost Soul blocked all kinds of external manifestations of mana and the more mana one emitted, the more their body would turn into ice. It had no effect on passive abilities like Fusion Magic, but Derek didn't know that. 
 Lith did but Derek didn't. 
 Before the Void could understand what was happening to him, his entire body froze over, leaving him exposed to Night's charge. She infused herself with all the elements, used gravity fusion, and circulated darkness magic in the Davross to amplify Thorn's destructive power. 
 The Abomination shattered into countless shards and she destroyed them all by recalling Frost Soul and unleashing a powerful wave of darkness magic that she had stored inside her black crystal. 
 Or rather, she destroyed most of the shards. 
 The impact shot some of them away from the Horseman and gravity acceleration allowed them to escape destruction. The crash landing freed the remaining shards from the ice and the mana geyser did the rest. 
 'Fuck, your brother is still alive.' Lith's equipment was unaffected by Frost Soul and still bore his imprint. 
 'It doesn't matter. It's over now.' Meln shrugged while the Night followed Ragnarök and the Voidwalker armor to find her prey. 'What is that?' 
 The consecutive and powerful attacks had done more than just wound the Void. They had managed to reach his life force and brought it on the verge of collapsing. 
 'I don't know.' Night replied as the fragments of the Abomination fed upon the mana geyser and grew into the form of the Void Demon Dragon. 
 It looked similar to the Voidfeather Dragon, but its red scales had turned black. New horns grew on his head while the old ones became bigger. Both sets of wings on his back were membranous and the ones that once had been feathered now burned with blue flames. 
 The mystical fire ran from his wings to the feathers on his spine, lighting the bone spikes on his tail and forming a flaming blue crown that floated above his head. 
 Desperate for more power, the Void had unwittingly opened the door and called upon the souls haunting the Horseman of Night. They had brought him knowledge but in his current state, Lith lacked the necessary protections to safeguard his sanity. 
 The Voidfeather Dragon had exploited the debilitated state of the life forces to break the stalemate and fuse with the Void. 
 'Now that my human life force is fully healed there's no risk the old wounds might kill me but Night surely will.' The Voidfeather thought. 'Meln has his full equipment, his tower, Dusk's crystal, and Night's help whereas I'm alone.'