Chapter  3217  Silverspire (Part 2)
 
 "Without Creation Magic, everything I put into the tower can't be recovered. Only the metal comprising the tower is being refined, not the metal inside the tower. On top of that, even with all of Yaga's tricks, the refinement's speed is just double that of a regular mine." 
 "Back to your question about why the Tree kidnapped Solus." Lith inwardly sighed in relief. "I have mostly conjectures as well but I hope that by sharing my memories and pooling up our minds we can figure out the Tree's endgame." 
 He extended his hand with the palm down, the emerald glow of a mind link faintly visible. 
 "You can watch as well, guys, but it's not pretty. I'm warning you." Lith said to his family. 
 "If I have to watch my son risk his life again, I want at least to know the reason." Raaz placed his hand over Lith's, quickly followed by everyone else. 
 Lith shared Solus' memories from Setraliie after M'Rael had bonded with her. He replayed her interactions with the World Tree and the words they had exchanged. 
 Then, Lith showed them the battle between the elves and the creature born from his fusion with Solus. This time, gore and violence were a necessity because the white cores needed to witness the same things the Ygdrasill had seen to figure out their thought process. 
 Once the battle was over, Lith replayed the final part of his last mission with Strider, starting from the arrival of the elf and cutting the memory off before the Zouwu decapitated Lith. 
 "Gods." Raaz said, his face pale as the blood drained from his face. 
 The others fared even worse. They were either ghost white or green, doing their best not to puke. Only Tista and the white cores were unaffected. 
 "Here's what I think." Lith said. "The Yggdrasill isn't interested in the tower. As Silverwing pointed out, if that was their goal, Yaga would have been the best choice." 
 The Red Mother turned to her friend, hoping she would tell Lith to call her Lochra, but the dislike was clearly mutual. 
 "The Tree picked Solus because of the fusion and because, unlike Yaga, Solus can be imprinted. It allows them to control her every thought and action without the need to persuade or coerce her. M'Rael used his bond with Solus to use her like a tool and I'm sure that the Tree can do much worse." 
 "I'm not." Dawn walked out of the hunting cabin, wearing the white linen robes of the Desert. "My brother and I spent quite a lot of time teaching Solus how to attack and defend telepathically from an unwanted host. 
 "The bonding with M'Rael was quite traumatic and you are not the only one who likes to plan ahead. Didn't she tell you?" 
 "She did, but I'm not aware of her progress." Lith replied. "How would Solus fare against a Chronicler bonded with her?" 
 "Badly." Dawn sighed. "Even if she resorts to the pettiest tricks and dirtiest tactics we have taught her, it's only a matter of time before the combined willpower of the elf and his master trumps hers." 
 They had no idea that Chroniclers couldn't bond with Solus so they assumed the worst. 
 "Still, it's better than nothing." Lith nodded. "The longer she resists, the less time the Yggdrasill has to scar her mind and extract Menadion's secrets from the tower. Thanks again, Yaga." 
 "Don't mention it." She dismissed the issue with a wave of her hand. "I agree with Lith. That's the most plausible answer. Sure, I devised my Horsemen to be capable of fusing with their host, but not with their tower. Solus is, in this aspect, unique. 
 "On top of that, there's a big difference between you and me, child. The Tree needed to kill you to prevent the conflict they knew is about to happen. You are acquainted with Guardians and many powerful beings willing to help you. 
 "I have only my Firstborns, one Horseman, and Lochra. They are not enough to even crack the Yggdrasill's Fringe open. My prolonged isolation and time have destroyed my ties with the rest of Mogar whereas yours are strong." 
 "Seconded." Silverwing growled. 
 The idea that aside from Baba Yaga, and even that was a maybe, no one would come to her rescue were Lochra in Solus' shoes greatly annoyed her. 
 'I can't believe I'm inferior to this runt. Since when do social skills matter to a mage?' She inwardly griped. 
 "But it's not like Verhen fares much better. Sure, he has us and a few Dragons, but that's it. It doesn't make that much of a difference." 
 "Wrong." Lith took subtle pleasure in correcting her. "I have you, Sinmara, Surtr, maybe their offspring, a few Dragons, and for sure Zoreth and Bytra. I'm going to contact them right after lunch and ask them to involve the other hybrids." 
 Silverwing grimaced for a second before breaking up in a smile. Solus' well-being came first and each one of the ancient Eldritches had a power that rivaled or surpassed her own. 
 "That's a great start, but it's not enough." The Mother nodded. "We need to involve more people powerful enough to risk their lives for Solus and a cover story that will keep them from exposing her true nature or the tower. Do you have any idea how to achieve that?" 
 "I do." Lith sighed heavily. "But we'll discuss it over lunch and only after Zoreth and Bytra join us." 
 "Wait." Elina grabbed his arm. "I know that time is of the essence and Solus is in danger, but that's not the only thing you have to worry about. What about Aran, Leria, and the triplets? Don't they deserve at least to know you're alright?" 
 "You're right, Mom. I'm sorry." 
 A snap of Baba Yaga's fingers opened a Warp Gate from the local elementary magical school to the palace. 
 "Uncle Lith!" Leria and the triplets tackled his legs, forcing him to conjure an air shield to keep them from hurting themselves. 
 "Big brother!" Aran just lifted his arms, asking to be picked up. 
 "Welcome back." They said in unison. 
 "Thanks, guys." He took Aran and put him on his shoulder. "I missed you a lot. How are you doing?" 
 The children ignored his question and bombarded him with their own. 
 "Was the mission hard? Are fairies pretty? Where were the fragments of the Rainbow Compass hidden?" 
 Lith swallowed a massive "The what now?" and used his best poker face to make up answers to their questions without revealing he was playing it by ear. 
 "Where is Aunt Solus?" Aran asked. 
 "The fairies needed her help with restoring their land so she stayed behind." Lith replied. "But she's coming back soon. You know that we can't stay apart for long." 
 The children were satisfied with the answer and started asking when Solus would return and why she didn't answer her communication amulet. 
 "Guys, I'm sorry but I'm exhausted. I just got back and I'm starving. Fairies eat nothing but morning dew and honey. Also, I must call Aunt Zoreth. I need her help for one of my experiments." 
 "That won't be necessary, Featherling." Salaark appeared out of thin air. 
 She had remained out of the reunion not to intrude in a moment she had not contributed to making but now it was ruined and one more person made little difference.