Chapter 3223  Finding Yggdrasill (Part 2)
 
 "Now, however, the Yggdrasill knows you've become a hybrid, that you are part of the Organization, and the outcome of your last sparring with Grandma. I know because the Chroniclers used a spell capable of preventing even a dimensional mage from following them. 
 "After the Chroniclers ambushed us in the Garden, they altered the space to keep the Warp Steps they used to escape from being opened again." 
 "I can vouch for that." Friya said. "I tried everything I could on the site where Lith was ambushed but to no avail. The dimensional space surrounding the Warp Gate had been collapsed first and then relaxed, deleting every trace of the original dimensional coordinates." 
 "Who's talking?" Tezka asked. 
 "Friya Ernas, sir." She cleared her throat. "The woman who reached enlightenment by watching your fight with Overlord Salaark." 
 "Dammit, kid. It's nice hearing from you but I would have liked better news. Are you certain the Chroniclers have found a way to hamper dimensional tracking?" The Suneater said. 
 "Yes, sir." Friya nodded. "I know my mastery over dimensional magic is a small thing compared to yours but I've done everything I could think of and I didn't get so much as a glimpse of the Chroniclers' destination." 
 "Don't underestimate yourself, kid." Tezka scratched the fur under his chin. "Sure, experience and spells can make a difference but your talent is the real deal. If you had found the traces of the residual gate and failed to re-open it, I would have succeeded. 
 "Yet if there was no residual gate there's nothing I can do. I can study the Chroniclers' new technique for a counter, but it would take time and practice we don't have. We must think of another way. And stop calling me sir. Anything but doggie will do." 
 "Who would ever dare-" 
 "Aran, Leria, and any kid I've met along the way." Tezka sighed, cutting her short. 
 "On top of that, back then there was nothing at stake." Lith continued. "You could afford to wait for as long as it took whereas I'm on a clock. What if the World Tree doesn't recall the members of the strike team until the Yggdrasill is done with Solus to keep them from being followed? 
 "I see your point." Tezka nodded. "Do you want me to bring the package or not, Lith?" 
 "Bring it to the Blood Desert, please. The coordinates for the Heavenly Plume Tribe are-" 
 "No need for that, kid. I know where it is. What I need is the young sparrow's clearance to come. If I hurt one Phoenix on my way there, I offend them all. I don't think a bloodbath of your potential allies would do you any good." Tezka cut Lith short. 
 "Grandma?" Lith turned toward the Overlord. 
 "Clearance granted, old fox. But only if you come straight here, deliver the package, and stay here. The moment you leave my palace you also leave the Desert. If you take a stroll or a few souvenirs, I'm coming after you." Salaark replied. 
 "Damn, you leave me no space for loopholes." The Suneater had a good laugh, not even trying to hide his ill intentions. "Fine, I'll be there in a while but to what end? Have you become a better dimensional mage than Friya, Lith?" 
 "Not a chance." Lith shook his head. "I just have a contingency plan that requires a Chronicler and plenty of help. I'll explain everything to you once you arrive." 
 "Now would be a good time to start, then." The curtain of the War Room slid open and Tezka walked between the two Phoenixes standing guard, leaving them flabbergasted. 
 They lifted their weapons and started conjuring their best spells but a mere flick of Salaark's hand put them on their knees. 
 "You heard me. The Suneater is my honored guest and threatening him because he slipped past you just adds insubordination to your incompetence. Leave, now." The two Phoenixes gritted their teeth in shame, giving the Overlord a deep bow before walking out of the War Room. 
 "Don't be too harsh on them. They are just kids and even with my package, I've learned a trick or two since we've last met." Tezka dropped the heavy sack he carried near the entrance, making it groan in pain. 
 "I noticed." Salaark nodded. "I enjoy your visits when you don't mess around my turf. I always learn something from you." 
 "Mom, Dad, Rena, please leave. What I'm about to discuss is for mages only. We must discuss war." He gave them a stern gaze that made his relatives understand he didn't want them there either. 
 Everyone knew how ruthless Lith was but he didn't like to show that side of him in front of his family. He never let them know the details of how he protected them unless it was absolutely necessary or just unavoidable. 
 'I have to dirty my hands but there's no point in dirtying their consciences as well.' He thought. 
 "Can I stay?" Kamila asked. 
 "I'd really prefer Elysia and Valeron don't remain in this room. I know Bytra's Doomslayer crib is Hushed, but still." Lith stared at the babies in the crib, obtaining a smile and a giggle from them. 
 The moment Kamila had the crib float and move away from him, the babies cried like lambs led to the slaughter. 
 "I don't think they are okay with this." She said. "You have just returned and you being in a different room or another continent makes no difference to the kids as long as they don't see you." 
 Lith didn't want Elysia and Valeron even to witness such a debate, but at the same time, his homing instinct agreed with them. After being away for so long, the Hush spell did nothing to shield him from their cries. 
 He couldn't physically hear them, but he felt every wail in his chest. 
 "Fine." He sighed. "Grandma?" 
 "They won't hear a word or perceive a shred of killing intent." The Overlord reassured him. "Only rainbows and Dragons for my Featherlings." 
 She put Shargein in his baby form in the crib with Elysia and Valeron before adding several special effects like soap bubbles, small birds, and colorful rays of light to keep the babies entertained. 
 "Thanks." He nodded to Salaark. "Here's my plan." 
 Lith told them everything he could remember about the technique M'Rael had used to force the World Tree into submission after capturing one of their Chroniclers. Lith didn't have Solus' eidetic memory and Body Sculpting wasn't his forte. 
 'I can only hope that between Quylla's genius and Tezka's expertise they can understand how to twist an elf's life force so that it's painful enough to cripple the World Tree but without inflicting so much damage that the Chronicler might die.' He thought. 
 "I can give it a go, but to be honest, I don't know where to start." Quylla sighed. "I've never studied an elf's life force and I'm a healer, not a torturer. Damaging a life force on purpose wasn't among my studies." 
 "Sorry, but I fare no better, kid." Tezka shook his head. "I am a torturer, but I mostly use Chaos and my Abomination Touch for the job. I was an Eldritch until a few years ago.