Chapter 3226  Ancient Bloodlines (Part 1)
 
 "First, my people can benefit from the conflict by not taking part in it." Sinmara replied. "They will take no risk and get the same thing you will if you decide to take my offer. A piece of the loot." 
 "Which is?" The First Lich liked where the Phoenix was going. 
 "All the Yggdrasill wood you can collect, part of their knowledge and treasures, and if you save Solus, even one of the pieces of the legendary Menadion Set." Sinmara conjured holograms of staves, books, enchanted items, and the Ears. 
 "The idea is to break in, rescue her, and get out of the Fringe. Yet we are going to fight our way to her cell and if any of us finds anything valuable, they are free to keep it." 
 "Anyone?" Aylen's nostrils dilated in greed and excitement. 
 "First come, first served." Sinmara nodded. "You can take anything you want except the enchanted items that belong to Solus." 
 The Phoenix of Darkness chose her phrasing carefully to extort from the Lich an oath that would keep her from taking the tower even if she were to discover its existence. 
 The promise wasn't just to not take Solus or her equipment but everything related to her. Of course, Aylen was smart enough to notice the ambiguity of the request but she failed to grasp its implications. 
 The idea that a person could be bound to a mage tower except by imprint was beyond absurd. 
 "I'm not going to lie, you had my curiosity at full pardon but the loot garnered you my attention." Aylen tapped her lips and her left foot on the ground. "Just a few questions. Why me?" 
 "Because you are a powerful white core and your army of cats…" 
 "Emperor Beasts!" The Maker of All Liches corrected Sinmara. 
 "Your army of Emperor Beast who all started as cats shares your secret for the violet core and they won't let you go to battle alone. By recruiting you I'm actually bringing hundreds of Awakened to my side." 
 "Point taken." Aylen grumbled. "What about my phylactery? I've never been inside a Fringe but I know how they work. If I leave my phylactery outside, my strength will be more than halved but if I bring it with me, I'd be no different from a living being." 
 "Baba Yaga is coming with us. You can leave your phylactery in her tower, if you promise not to try anything funny." Sinmara replied. 
 "Why should I trust her?" 
 "Because this mission means a lot to her as well and she doesn't give a damn about you." The Phoenix of Darkness shrugged. "Do you think Baba Yaga would break her word for a Lich she despises? Also, she would protect your phylactery and be indebted to you if we succeed." 
 "Indeed she would." Aylen was old, but compared to the Red Mother she was an infant. The idea of meeting Baba Yaga and being entitled to a favor from her was tempting. "Can I bring my son and a few of my old lab assistants? 
 "Inxi has a friend who might be of help and we could use some extra help." 
 "Fine by me, as long as they agree on the same conditions, you give me your personal assurance they will stick to the terms of our deal, and they won't take part in the infiltration mission." Sinmara replied. 
 "They will remain outside the World Tree and draw the enemy fire." 
 "If it's a diversion you want, you'll get it." Aylen nodded. "The first come first served policy applies to them as well, right?" 
 "Right, but so it does the 'Don't touch anything belonging to Solus' part. Do we have a deal?" Sinmara held out her hand and the Lich promptly shook it. 
 "You bet we do! As for the infiltration mission, there's no way my former assistants would meddle with your plans. If half of what I've heard about the Fringe of the World Tree is true, there's so much stuff to take that they wouldn't care about this Solus girl even if she was made out of purified Davross." 
 "That's what I was hoping to hear." Sinmara smiled, having a hard time not feeling sorry for the Tree. 
 She knew what a pain in the ass dealing with one Lich was and now she was about to bring a horde of deranged immortal Liches straight into the Yggdrasill's home. 
 *** 
 Blood Desert, Heavenly Plume tribe, Salaark's Palace a few minutes later. 
 It had taken Lady Jirni Ernas a while to reach her destination. The country mansion in which she and Orion had moved to train away from prying eyes had no Warp Gate of its own and being pregnant slowed things down further. 
 "Are you sure you don't want me to come with you?" Orion opened one Warp Steps after the other, using Invigoration whenever he needed to restore his strength. 
 "More than sure." She nodded. "There's nothing you can do and no point in wasting your time while I negotiate with Lith. You still have quite a way to go before the bright violet and our baby girl is going to be born soon." 
 "I know that training is important, but what if something happens while you are away?" 
 "Inside Salaark's palace? While I'm her honored guest?" Jirni scoffed. "That's so unlikely that I haven't bothered preparing a contingency plan in case it happens." 
 The couple walked through the local Gate of Unama and reached the Ernas Household. 
 "Wait for me here. I'll be back as soon as I can." Jirni had returned home before moving to the Desert not to leave any paper trail. 
 As one of the four founding pillars of the Kingdom, the Ernas enjoyed a greater degree of privacy compared to other noble households. 
 Their private Warp Gate's log could be accessed only with direct permission from the Royals, making it impossible even for powerful Awakened like the Gernoff to trace Jirni's movements. 
 Two Phoenixes in ceremonial armor were expecting her on the other side of the Gate. 
 They stopped the petite woman by crossing their blades in front of her until their breathing technique confirmed her identity and that she carried no weapon capable of threatening the Overlord. 
 Invigoration exposed Jirni's Awakening, but the Phoenixes had no care for the Kingdom's affairs. Her pregnant state, instead, prompted them to give her a curt congratulatory nod of the head in spite of their strict discipline. 
 Creating a new life was considered a sacred duty in the Desert, even more so if it came from a magical bloodline. The guards guided Jirni straight to Lith's War Council. 
 Jirni arrived shortly after Aalejah Eventide. The former aspirant Chronicler of the late World Tree and current liaison between the Awakened Council and the elven Fringes, was sitting at the table, barely able to contain her excitement. 
 Aalejah found the idea of aiding in storming the Yggdrasill's Fringe appalling. It went against everything she had been taught as a Librarian first and an aspirant Chronicler later. 
 Yet none of that could trample the rush of being surrounded by living legends. Baba Yaga, Tezka, Silverwing, and Bytra were mighty figures she had never expected to meet during her lifetime.