Chapter 3234  Breaking the Cycle (Part 1)
 
 "We are not talking about teaching a lesson to one of the great countries." The Father of All Ice Dragons said. "If it was just that, I'd follow you in an instant even though you probably wouldn't need my help, just my company to have a good laugh over the mountains of corpses of your enemies. 
 "You are talking of attacking the World Tree on their own turf. That rotten piece of wood is not a Guardian in name only. I won't put my life and those of my beloved Brood for an absolute nobody! 
 "If the Yggdrasill had attacked you, I would march with you because it would mean the new World Tree has gone mad already and I won't stand any fucker bullying you, old friend. But this? The Yggdrasill targeted a cocky runt who got too arrogant for his own good. 
 "We both know that a powerful treasure like an omni pocket is a curse to those too weak to protect it. What are you going to do the next time it happens? Are you going to fight Verhen's battles for the rest of your life? Because I sure won't!" 
 "Please, old friend." Valtak couldn't refute any of the Ice Dragon's logic and talking about near-death visions would make him sound even crazier. "Just do this for me and all our debts will be considered settled." 
 "No." Quashol shook his head, producing crystal clinks. "I owe you a lot, Valtak, but I can't bear the thought of wasting my gratitude on a hatchling that doesn't even carry your blood. 
 "I can't allow you to drag me into this. We both know you are a softie, and if I give in to your plea once, you'll do it again. Ask me anything that's actually for you and I'll fly to your side. Until that moment, don't waste my time with another call." 
 "What about the Ears of Menadion? Aren't you interested?" 
 "Damn if I am!" Quashol's eyes shone with Dragon greed as his mouth watered at the mere name of the artifact. "Give me your word the Ears will be mine and we can discuss terms, but a rat race? 
 "I should put everything on the line on the chance to get the Ears? Does anyone work in the hope of getting paid? I need certainties, old friend. The best I can do is to keep the existence of the Ears a secret, but other Dragons might not be so caring. 
 "Remember my words about treasures and curses because if you keep running your mouth, Verhen is going to lose another artifact he's too weak to protect. Quashol out." 
 The hologram of the Ice Dragon disappeared, leaving Valtak dejected. Not because of the refusal but because if even one of his dearest friends turned him down, the rest of the patriarchs and matriarchs of the Brood would do the same. 
 The Father of Fire didn't have time to call one Dragon at a time. To get a force capable of tipping the scale of the battle, he needed to convince Elder Dragons. If they accepted, the rest of their bloodline would follow. 
 As predicted, Irslak, the Father of All Storm Dragons, Ananta, the Mother of All Black Dragons, and many others refused to help one after the other. They did it out of concern for Valtak, hoping that he would realize how foolish his endeavor was and give up on the suicidal mission. 
 One Tiamat wasn't worth that much effort, especially with Elysia ready to keep the bloodline alive in case her reckless father died. The Elder Dragons considered any other option as enabling the Father of Fire's madness. 
 They wanted him to live his final years in peace, not to die in someone else's battle and carry the guilt of having caused the death of countless other Wyrms. 
 At some point, Valtak lost the passion he had while making his pitch and stopped arguing after the first no. 
 "Could you please say that again?" It was the reason when he heard a yes, the Patriarch of the Fire Dragons refused to believe his own ears. 
 "I said yes. I'll help you and Lith." Gentor, the Father of all Golden Dragons said. "My greed and I will stand by your side, old friend. But first, I'd like to talk with Lith in person and give the Ears a test drive. You know, trust but verify." 
 "That's not a problem. You can come to the Desert at your earliest convenience." Valtak nodded like a frenzied parrot. "Can I ask you a question, thought?" 
 "Actually, I wanted more details about the Ears, but we can take turns." Gentor shrugged. "Shoot." 
 "Why have you agreed to help us?" Valtak's mouth moved before his brain could elaborate on how much of an old fool he had just made out of himself. 
 "Was it a trick question?" Gentor was beyond confused. "Did you want me to say no? If that's the case and you called me solely because you have lost a bet, I'll gladly stay out of your scales." 
 "Gods, no!" The Father of Fire raised his hands to stop the Golden Dragon from ending the call. "Please, I really need your help. I'm just surprised because you are not the first patriarch I called yet you are the only one who didn't laugh in my face. 
 "At the risk of sounding even ruder than I've already been, I have to ask you: are you sure you are not intoxicated?" 
 Gentor started to laugh as Valtak feared, but there was no mockery in his voice, only amusement. 
 "Thank you for looking after me even when it goes against your interest, old Wyrm." Gentor's golden scales shone almost as much as his eyes wet by hilarity. "To answer your question: I'm sound in mind and body. 
 "As for why I agreed to help you, the answer is simple. Because I know all too well how it feels to be the youngest member of the Brood. To be the only one of your species and have no one to turn to unless you can afford their price. 
 "Just two millennia ago, I was that guy. Once I left Father's lair I was on my own and struggled a lot to find my place in the world. While all my older siblings treated me with cold indifference, you taught me how to use my Origin Flames first and then helped me discover my bloodline abilities. 
 "Without you and Quashol, I would have probably died in a ditch after the humans shot me down thinking my scales were made of actual gold." Gentor half snarled and half smiled at the memory. 
 "Sure, the Brood would have avenged my death in blood and fire, but I would be dead anyway. I wouldn't have my territory, my hatchling, and my species would have disappeared like it happened with Zoreth's and Jormun's. 
 "I know the terms of this alliance are terrible and the risks are high, but so what? You didn't stop counting pennies before helping me. You were already old and could have made better use of your final years than mentoring a hatchling who had no way to repay your kindness."