Chapter 3244  Waging War (Part 1)
 
 Lith Warped through the three great countries, keeping the Salaark's palace as his base of operations. 
 'There was no chance the World Tree anywhere near the Blood Desert. Not with Grandma's iron fist. Now I'm sure it's either past the Kingdom's or the Empire's borders.' 
 "Son of a weed!" Lith had reached a place so close to the World Tree's Fringe that he could see Solus' light shining at the horizon. 
 It was located in the Gorgon Empire, at the border with the Free Country of Chalal and just a few hundreds of kilometers away from the only point on Garlen where the three great countries touched. 
 "The access point is at the fringes of Leegaain's turf, far away from Manaron where he currently resides, yet perfect to reach any city in Garlen through the local Gate Network." Upon his signal, all the Warp Gates in the central plaza of Salaark's palace locked on Lith's coordinates while he walked towards the borders. 
 The mage soldiers of the Empire stepped aside and opened the gates of their fortress, but the armed forces of Chalal had no reason to comply with the request of a foreign Magus. 
 "Stop right there!" The commander of the border guards yelled. "I don't care if you are the Blood Magus, the Never Magus, or the Supreme Magus. Take one step out of the Empire and you'll be an enemy of Chalal. Your actions will be interpreted as an act of war and we will respond accordingly." 
 "So what?" Lith stood in front of the closed gate, a tall structure over twenty meters (66') tall of stone and enchanted metal. 
 Countless arrays and alchemical tools were aimed at him, ready to be unleashed on the commander's signal. 
 "So you are one step away from having your sorry ass blasted into smithereens, boy." The commander was a battle-hardened veteran who had secured his homeland from the constant raids of the Empire for decades. 
 Seeing a runt wearing a Magus robe was an insult to his pride as a mage just as Lith moving like he owned the place was an insult to his pride as a soldier. 
 "You and what army?" The arrays were still powering up when Lith shapeshifted into his Tiamat form, reaching 30 meters (100') of height. 
 He was head and shoulders above the walls, looking down on the commander with seven burning eyes. The silver flames of his crown and those shrouding his feathered wings crackled against the power of the magical formations that restricted Lith's movements. 
 "Do you think I'm afraid of you?" The commander's voice remained stern and his gaze focused. "You are not the first Divine Beast I see. My garrison has been built to hold back the military power of the Gorgon Empire, the most magically advanced country in Garlen. 
 "I can deal with the likes of you, with this army!" Upon his command, dozens of arrays flared up, becoming visible to the naked eye. 
 War machines the size of a tank powered by mana crystals and imbued with destructive spells floated outside their hangars. The metal constructs assumed tactical formations that allowed them to shoot at the enemy from every direction at the same time, no matter if he flew or stood on the ground. 
 Hundreds of soldiers raised their enchanted shields that fused their force fields to form a magical barrier that encompassed the entire front wall. War mages took flight, casting their best spells and arrays. 
 The commander was lying, of course. He was afraid, but a soldier incapable of dominating his fears would die on his first battle. He could feel the Tiamat's heat on his skin, smell the brimstone in the beast's breath. 
 The commander's stomach had been twisted in a knot from the moment Lith had stepped forward and spread his Tiamat Fear around. Yet he wouldn't let his country be invaded without a fight. 
 "Cute." Lith laughed, bright violet flames roaring out of his mouth as he spoke. "Meet my army!" 
 He spread his feet and unfurled his wings as he roared his challenge. 
 More flames burst from between his scales but the arrays protecting the borders stopped them before their heat could reach the walls. Even the shockwave of the roar and the brunt of Lith's Tiamat Fear was smothered. 
 The commander stood at the center of the magical formations yet found himself staring death in the eyes. 
 The people emerging from the Warp Gates grew in size one after another. The first Divine Beasts to come out took the sky to leave space on the ground for the others to step through. 
 By the time the Tiamat's roar faded, all the commander could see was a tall wall of scales and feathers that eclipsed the neighboring fortress of the Empire. The mage soldiers standing behind Lith fell to their knees, praying to the gods for mercy. 
 Seeing one Wyrm was considered good fortune since the people of the Empire worshipped Dragons. Seeing dozens, then hundreds, if not thousands of them at the same time could only mean calamity. 
 The Origin Flames that Dragons and Phoenixes exuded naturally when angered were burning down the protective arrays of Chahal's stronghold, spreading through the magic runes like wildfire on dry grass. 
 "There's no reason for bloodshed." The commander changed his tune swiftly. 
 'The Divine Beasts outnumber us. We might be able to kill one or two, but my garrison would be wiped out and the Empire would have free access to Chalal!' He actually thought. 
 "Whatever your reason for coming here is, as long as you promise not to attack my people, I'll let you in. Swear it on your Brood." 
 Lith's answer came in the form of a bellowing laughter that shook the border walls. 
 "Compromise happens when two forces are comparable in strength or I'm in a good mood." Lith replied. "How can I believe the word of someone who was ready to attack me until a moment ago? 
 "How can I trust you not to shoot us in the back the moment we turn around? No, you've shown me who you are and I believe you. You've threatened me first without asking a single question and that's exactly what I'm going to do. 
 "You have the span of one deep breath to run away. Anything else and I'll consider you my enemy and your actions will be interpreted as an act of war." 
 The commander could almost feel his own words slapping him in the face as Lith drew a deep breath and so did the sea of burning creatures behind him. 
 "Run! Run for your lives!" There was no time for complex strategies, no chance for an army of men to stand in the way of monsters. 
 The best the commander could hope for was that a few soldiers would survive and alert the parliament of the invasion. Because even at death's door the old veteran feared for his country the most. 
 The Divine Beasts were unlikely to care for lands and politics, but the Empire would. All it had to do was to march in the wake of the Brood and collect the prizes the Divine Beasts left behind like trash. 
 The roar of the commander's voice was eclipsed by a tidal wave of Origin Flames that swept past the arrays before rushing against and past the walls.