Chapter 3246  The Old Gang (Part 1)
 
 Tezka and Lith worked together so that even if somehow the World Tree recovered enough to cloak Solus' aura again, they would still get close enough to the access point for the Suneater to sense it. 
 'I can feel the dimensional displacement of a Fringe right in front of us. You need to stop.' Tezka said while double-checking the spells he had stored in the Maw of Bytra and taking his equipment out of his pocket dimension. 
 Despite their incredible powers, Eldritches were not Awakened and couldn't cast spells with their bodies. Once the fight started, they wouldn't have the focus to weave new spells with true magic and could only rely on the Maw to make up for it. 
 Lith straightened his body and flapped his wings to slow down his flight as he emitted a mighty roar. The Divine Beasts spread out to avoid bumping into each other and came to a halt. 
 "On the ground, human form!" Lith dived down, his body shrinking as he approached the grassland below. 
 The army of Divine Beasts landed with the grace of butterflies thanks to Gravity Fusion and formed a circle around Lith. He established a mind link with everyone to exchange battle plans and deliver suggestions without wasting time. 
 'Getting here was just the beginning.' He said. 'Don't share your tactics yet. We have to wait for the rest of our allies to catch up with us first. Use this time to weave your spells and take out your nutrient potions. 
 'Anything you need or just might need has to be had hand before we take the first step inside the Fringe.' Lith felt dumb stating the obvious to creatures older and with greater battle experience than him, but he'd rather be considered stupid than take risks. 
 No one in the circle judged him, attributing his words to discipline and diligence rather than naivety. 
 'Zor, where are the rest of the members of the Organization?' Lith looked at the horizon, hoping to spot Baba Yaga's tower with his Tiamat Eyes. 
 'There was no point bringing them under Salaark's roof.' The Shadow Dragon replied. 'Especially with the risk of one or more members of her Nest itching to settle old scores.' 
 Bytra, Zoreth, and Tezka synchronized their auras, emitting pillars of black light that acted as dimensional beacons for the other Eldritch-monster hybrids. Nandi the Minotaur-orc came first, then Theseus the Bastet-Meneos. 
 Cyare the Fenrir, Hushar the Leviathan, and Eycos the Garuda came next. 
 "Shit, I can't believe we are about to fight the Yggdrasill in the bark." Abthot the Eldritch-Ogre said while stepping through the swirling black portal. 
 "And I can't believe we are going to put everything on the line for a maybe, but who am I to question orders?" The arrival of Orulm the Breaker, the Eldritch-Skinwalker, was accompanied by many curses and spitting. 
 "I love you too." He replied. "Believe me, You want me here as much as I do." 
 'Where are Nelia and Kigan?' Lith asked, ignoring the commotion. 
 'With the kids.' Tezka replied. 'It was my condition to help you in the first place. I'm not leaving them unguarded. I've made too many enemies over the millennia to bet everything on luck and honor.' 
 Lith didn't like the news but he could understand the Suneater's worries. Especially with the threat looming over Kamila's head. 
 "You better watch your back, Orulm." A female Phoenix snarled and shapeshifted into a hybrid combat form. "If I see you even trying something funny, I'm going to burn you to ashes!" 
 Rage spread like a disease. One after the other the Divine Beasts broke the circle and stepped forward to face their respective nemesis. The Eldritches stood still but their black auras clashed with the violet ones of the Divine Beasts with enough strength to trigger a quake. 
 "Stand down!" A small figure 1.78 (5'10) meters tall and covered in Davross from head to toe stepped out of the Warp Gate and released a deadly aura that silenced all others. "We are here today as allies. 
 "No matter your past grievances, infighting will only benefit the World Tree. If by the end of this day, after the blood of so many of your friends and relatives has been spilled, you still thirst for more, feel free to come at us. 
 "Until that moment, save your fury for our common enemies." 
 Zogar Vastor had altered his voice and physique to make himself unrecognizable. Even his aura was distorted by powerful cloaking devices created by Bytra for that exact purpose. 
 "Fuck me sideways, what is the Master doing here?" Lith's surprise was genuine. 
 He wasn't expecting the old professor to join him. 
 "Lith, my b- friend, why are you so surprised?" Vastor bit his tongue to stop himself from using familiar phrases that might expose his identity. "You are part Abomination and the Organization looks after its own. 
 "I have not given up on the idea of you joining our ranks and since the Yggdrasill was so kind to pick a spot far away from the Guardians' scrutiny, I don't see why I should miss the party." 
 The Master had not offered his help sooner not to give Lith false hope. His participation was strictly dependent on the location of the battle. Too close to the heart of one of the three great countries and the Guardians might have intervened to capture him. 
 'Chalal is one of the places I considered while choosing where to establish my base of operations. It's at the fringes of Leegaain's territory, the Guardian who doesn't give a fuck. I have nothing to fear here.' 
 "I see." Lith offered the Professor his hand in gratitude and Vastor promptly shook it. 
 "Who are we waiting for?" The Master asked. 
 "Us, handsome." Tessa the Titania, Fyrwal the Hydra, and Orion Ernas emerged from a Warp Steps while wearing their Royal Fortress armor. 
 "Orion? What are you doing here?" Vastor and Lith asked in unison. 
 "A deal with my wife is a deal with me." Orion replied. "If you're going to put your life on the line for my unborn daughter, I'm going to do the same for your friend. Besides, if there's one crime I can't condone is kidnapping." 
 Lord Ernas gritted his teeth in outrage, the parallel between Phloria and Solus so close that it almost drove him insane with fury. Another girl taken away against her will and tortured, waiting for her mind to be twisted beyond recognition. 
 Orion wanted blood. He wanted revenge for his daughter and to wash away the helplessness that plagued him since the day he had been forced to stay on the sidelines while his Little Flower suffered. 
 "I appreciate the thought but you are no Divine Beast." Lith gripped Orion's shoulder. "You are a small human who can get stomped to death. Even the Royal Fortress armor has its limits." 
 "Really?" Orion snorted but didn't push the hand off, appreciating the concern. "Can you afford to turn away a violet-cored Awakened who can use Blade Spells?" 
 Those words were enough to silence the Divine Beasts who were still trying to pick a fight the Eldritches. Blade Spells were rare, even among their kind.