Chapter 3247  The Old Gang (Part 2)
 
 Among the members of the Organization, Tezka and Bytra were the only ones who could cast Blade Spells even though the youngest of them was millennia old. 
 "Can you turn away someone wearing the First Queen's blessing?" Orion rapped his fist against the breastplate of the Royal Fortress armor, producing a silver bolt of lightning. "Someone who was born to be the Shield in the When All Are One array?" 
 "That's right, darling." Tessa flirtatiously caressed Vastor's shoulders as she moved to his back. "We have decided to put the old gang together. The Hydra, the Titania, Valeron…" She pointed at the Master who felt a cold shiver run down his spine. 
 "And our resident psychopath." She waved at Lith. "You are no Oghrom Gernoff but you're just as tricky. We need an Ernas to complete our formation. We need a Shield to guard you while you summon your army. 
 "Think about it. How many Demons can you conjure while sharing your powers with four people at the Master's level?" 
 "Thank you, Orion. I gladly accept your offer." 
 "You better." Lord Ernas grabbed Lith's hand and shook it. 
 "And us." A voice came from above as a hunting cabin ran at breakneck speed on giant chicken legs and what looked like a jet plane made of silver landed vertically. 
 "Two towers?" All those present but Lith were flabbergasted. "Who does the second tower belong to?" 
 "Actually, three." The door of the hut opened and Dawn walked out of it riding on top of her steed, Sunrise. "Even though it's not as powerful as my mother's, I still possess a mage tower." 
 "The second tower belongs to me." Silverwing emerged from the cockpit as Silverspire shapeshifted into a tall building comprised of shining metal and started absorbing the surrounding world energy to recharge its tower core. 
 Lith had announced the presence of the white cores to rope in as many helpers as possible, but seeing Silverwing in the flesh was still a baffling experience for the Divine Beasts. 
 No one had met the First Magus in over 700 years and until a few days ago, the rumors about her tower had just been rumors. Seeing legendary figures riding legendary artifacts made even the children of the Guardians quiver in excitement and envy. 
 "What was that?" Lith projected a hologram of Silverspire's traveling form. 
 "You are not the only one good at improving on the work of others, kid." Silverwing replied. "I like your DoLorean and made it my transportation method. Chicken legs may be scarier but they are too old-fashioned for my taste." 
 "Is this everyone?" Orion asked, feeling his confidence in the mission's success skyrocketing. 
 "Of course not!" A very angry Baba Yaga in her Mother form widened the entrance of her hut and threw out of the door enough bones and metal to form a small hill. 
 "That was rude and uncalled for." Aylen stepped out of the hut as well, her form no different from a regular human if not for the red light of undeath shining behind her eyes. "Come out, my babies. It's playtime." 
 More than a legendary mage tower, Baba Yaga's hunting cabin looked like a clown car as droves of huge feline Emperor Beasts marched into the open while meowling like kittens. 
 At the same time, the pile of bones split itself into complete skeletons that rearranged themselves into withered corpses belonging to all races. 
 "Specimens! So many specimens and free ingredients!" The Liches gasped in joy at the sight of their allies. 
 "If this is a dream, I forbid you to wake me up." A Harpy Lich said, not knowing from whom to start collecting samples. 
 "Some fucker killed me for good and I ended up in paradise! I knew those stories about the nine hells were all anti-Lich propaganda!" A Treant-Lich whose body was comprised of dried wood said. 
 "Order!" Aylen slammed her golden staff on the ground to snap the Liches out of their ramblings. "No one is asleep or dead-dead and those are not specimens but our comrades. Remember who holds your phylactery." 
 "That would be me." All eyes moved on to Baba Yaga who didn't bother hiding her spite and disgust. 
 "Also, for the last time, those who misbehave will have their loot confiscated and divided among the other members of the expedition." Aylen said, making the raving undead cheer and curse at the same time. 
 Cheer at the idea of getting the share of those skeletal idiots, curse at the thought of being one of those skeletal idiots. The Liches grumbled and formed a second circle around Lith while the feline Emperor Beasts formed a third. 
 "Sunlight." Vladion Dragonborn and the other Firstborns came out of the hut last. "Let's hope this isn't the last time I see it." 
 The ancient undead had white prisms protruding from their chests which absorbed the light element directly from both Mogar and the sun and fed it to their blood cores. 
 Lith also recognized the Firstborn Banshee, Wendigo, Mage Slayer, and Ghoul but he had no idea who the other three were. Baba Yaga had brought eight of them to ensure her Firstborns could cast anti-Guardian spells by themselves at any time. 
 The eighth member would replace one of them in case they suffered grievous wounds or fell into eternal sleep. 
 "Vlad-" 
 "No time for chit-chat." The Firstborn Vampire cut Lith short. "Radusk is okay and Lysa is mad at me so we'd better get over with this quickly. If I die here, she's going to kill me." 
 'Fine by me.' Lith included the newcomers in the telepathic network. 'First things first, entering the Fringe without getting slaughtered. Suggestions, anyone?' 
 He shared his experience with crossing a Fringe's boundary and the dizziness that ensued from shielding your consciousness from Mogar's gaze. 
 'I can enter at will, but I can bring only one person at a time with me.' Baba Yaga said. 'Even if there is no welcome committee on the other side, it would take us all day to get in, and retreating would be impossible.' 
 'I thought you had figured out something already!' Silverwing was incensed for coming all that way for nothing. 
 'I'm twenty years old!' Lith retorted. 'I've brought here five white cores and the most powerful Eldritches on Mogar. Between all of you, you are as old as Mogar itself! Excuse me if I dared presume that in all this time you had learned something I don't know.' 
 'I'm not that old!' Tezka felt offended. 'Yet you are right about that. I've learned a few tricks through the millennia but I've been alone for most of my life. I had no reason to worry about guests so my means apply only to myself. 
 'We don't have the time to teach everyone how to cross over Mogar's veil and with a bit of luck we won't need to. If there's one thing I've learned by working with the Organization is teamwork.' 
 The Suneater cut everyone else off the mind link and spoke only with Lith. 
 'I've never tried this before. I don't know if it's even possible.' 
 'Me neither.' Tezka replied. 'But I've not come this far just to turn around and walk away. Also, aren't you curious to test the limits of your bloodline?'