Chapter 3248  Opening Fire (Part 1)
 
 'Fine. Let's do it.' Lith grunted. 
 'Not so fast, kid.' Tezka informed everyone about what was about to happen assuming he was right. 'Once the road is open, there will be no time for discussions. We need a plan to keep the passage open and get everyone in without being decimated by enemy fire.' 
 'I can help you pierce through the dimensional barrier.' Nandi said. 
 'And I can clear enough space to create a bridgehead in the Fringe.' Orulm didn't care about Solus but was eager to redeem himself in Tezka's eyes. 
 'You do that and we'll take care of the rest.' Valtak and Gentor nodded. 
 One after the other, the leaders of the different factions spoke. Less than a minute later, bloodline secrets that had been kept for millennia were now unveiled and the attack on the Fringe could start. 
 *** 
 Blood Desert, at the same time. 
 "I understand that a member of the Verhen family has been kidnapped and rescuing Mage Solus Verhen takes priority." King Meron said. "I can also understand that Supreme Magus Verhen almost died during the kidnapping and he demands righteous retribution. 
 "I can even understand that it's only thanks to his Abomination side that he survived. That he had no way to predict or control the ensuing amnesia and how he reacted to the ambush perpetrated by the Undead King. 
 "I'm willing to defend his actions from public judgment and provide the Crown's full support in proving that he is not responsible for the thousands of casualties in Zeska. 
 Meron took a deep breath, massaging his temples pulsing in anger. 
 "What I can't understand is why when Magus Verhen contacted me and asked full access to the Kingdom's Gate Network he didn't inform us of the scope of his plans. 
 "Imagine my surprise, Lady Verhen, when our intelligence reported how your husband has appeared at the Empire-Chalal borders and helped a rival country to expand their dominion." 
 The King spoke with a low growl that barely contained his fury. For once it was Sylpha holding his hand to keep his temper in check. 
 "You Majesty, my husband couldn't inform you about his plans because he had none." Kamila explained. "He just followed his Dragon homing instinct to Chalal and then gained access to their territory the only way he could." 
 "I'm inclined to believe you, Lady Verhen. There is not one report about Supreme Magus Verhen aiding the invasion army of the Empire." Meron received an update on his amulet and skimmed through its pages. 
 "He seems to have cleared a path to Chalal and then moved toward a region of no strategical relevance whereas the Empire's army is marching toward the capital. 
 "Yet your husbands should have mentioned the three greeds of Dragons, one flight of Phoenixes, and other unspeakable things that have turned the hair of the Mage Association's clerks white during our last conversation. 
 "Not to mention that he should have consulted me before perpetrating an act of war toward Chahal. Not only does his stunt sully the reputation of the Griffon Kingdom, but it also serves fertile lands to one of strongest competitors on a silver platter!" 
 "Your Majesty…" Kamila didn't know what to say. 
 "Save it. I won't have this conversation on any non-secure channel." Meron cut her short. "There are things that can be discussed only in person and behind the shroud of the protective arrays of the Royal Palace. 
 "Since Supreme Magus Verhen is too busy helping the Empire, I expect you to come here right now and have a really good explanation. Otherwise, I'm going to shut down Magus Verhen's Royal override code and let him take the full blame for what happened in Zeska. Meron out." 
 "Farm." Kamila cursed as the King's hologram faded. 
 "Farm." Valeron the Second echoed. 
 "Ià." Elysia tried her best. 
 "Again? It wasn't enough that your Dad is in political and physical danger, do you really have to learn swear words?" Kamila asked, obtaining giggles and nods in reply. "Elina, can you keep them for a while?" 
 "Sure, but why don't you bring them along?" Elina asked. 
 "At an audience with the King?" Kamila sighed. "If I do, he can't raise his voice, get angry, or even upset me without dying. If I so much as tear up, Elysia either cries or gets violent and no one can stop her. 
 "How do you think the King would react if I brought the babies to what is bound to be a heated debate?" 
 "He would take it as a power move, if not a threat. The King would dismiss you with a smile and enact whatever punishment he sees fit without a discussion." Elina held the babies, wondering how someone so cute could also be so dangerous. 
 "I have to go alone." Kamila thought back at Jirni's words, hoping that the word of Lith's departure had yet to reach the wrong ears. 
 *** 
 'Relax, kid.' Tezka said via the mind link. 'The worst that can happen if we fail is that Solus gets enslaved by the World Tree, you lose her forever, and when the Yggdrasill is done with her, they'll come after you to finish the job.' 
 'That's reassuring!' Lith snarled. 
 'It's not supposed to be. Even before the four races learned how to fly, it was fear that gave us wings.' The Suneater smirked as the fingers of his left hand made contact with Mogar's veil. 
 His right hand held Lith's left as the Tiamat mirrored Tezka's movements. Suddenly, the tips of their fingers disappeared from sight, producing ripples in the air in front of them as if it were the surface of a lake. 
 Those who had never been inside a Fringe had no idea what was happening while those who did had no idea what to expect. 
 'At this point, I would step forward and immerse myself in Mogar's consciousness, but why should I do that with you by my side?' The Suneater said. 
 Instead of answering, Lith activated his Tiamat Fear and flooded the surrounding world energy with his energy signature and willpower. Then, he recalled his aura, focusing it on his right hand before injecting it inside Mogar's veil. 
 'After all, Mogar grants passage to those who know how to ask for it and your Tiamat Fear is the closest thing to a communion with Mogar I've ever seen. So why shouldn't you be able to ask Mogar permission to enter on everyone's behalf?' The ripples in the air widened and so did Tezka's grin. 
 As Lith's aura mixed with the invisible boundary comprised of world energy and Mogar's will, he gained control over it. The planet's consciousness flooded Lith's mind with questions and voices belonging to those who had preceded him. 
 He answered Mogar and let the voices wash over him like he had done countless times before when summoning his Demons of Darkness. 
 'You know who I am and what I want.' Lith felt small and insignificant as Mogar turned their gaze upon him, questioning the reasons for his intrusion. 'You know why I'm here. All I ask you is to let me in.' 
 The number of ripples and the frequency of their appearance increased until the space in front of Lith and the Suneater distorted into a vortex.