Chapter 3250  Combined Efforts (Part 1)
 
 Sure, with each spell the Break Annihilation ripped apart, it lost a chunk of its power, but only a chunk. 
 To make matters worse, the wild energy released by the now-incomplete spells spread out in a chain reaction, forming a protective layer around the Break Annihilation as it moved forward. 
 The Chaos spell killed no one, but that wasn't its purpose. 
 "Surprise, motherfuckers!" Orulm was the first to jump through the dimensional rift, but not before unleashing his Tier five Chaos spell, Shredding Wheel. 
 One Break-infused ring departed from each of his wrists, cutting through the magical formations enveloping the outer layer of the Fringe. Shredding Wheel spun like a buzzsaw, ripping the arrays carefully laid by the World Tree since the time they were just a Sapling apart. 
 Thanks to Nandi flooding the Breaker with world energy, Orulm could imbue Shredding Wheel with fresh mana as soon as it was consumed. Yet a mere tier five Chaos spell would have been nothing against the many elemental-sealing and barrier arrays if not for Break. 
 Shredding Wheel never entered inside a magical formation until it had severed the string of runes comprising its magic circle. Only then would the two black rings resume their advance, wreaking havoc on the internal runes before moving on to the next array. 
 Just as the Break Annihilation earlier, Shredding Wheel didn't need to completely destroy the magical formations, only to erase enough runes to turn a marvel of magic into a flashy decoration. 
 "Stop him, dammit! You are many and he's alone!" The World Tree's yell snapped his troops out of their shock paralysis. 
 "I'm also out of here!" Orulm unleashed the third and last spell he had prepared for his duty while he jumped back toward the rift. 
 Pulsing Star conjured between his hands a giant black sphere that contained all the mana Nandi had given the Breaker and all the life force he could spare. Break was Orulm's trump card but it took a toll proportional to the damage it inflicted on the Skinwalker-Eldritch hybrid. 
 Break-infused spells made Orulm unstoppable, but each one of them drained massive amounts of his life force. The more Orulm used it, the weaker he would become and the longer the aftereffects would last. 
 Each Break-infused spell had to be delivered only if it had a good chance of hitting its target. Victory meant nothing if Orulm came out of the fight in such a debilitated state that any decent mage could kill him with ease. 
 Pulsing Star focused and amplified the Skinwalker-Eldritch hybrid's power, unleashing a volley of black rays as thin as a hair and as fast as a laser. They pierced through the World Tree's permanent arrays and troops alike, erasing small but significant parts of their very being. 
 Enchanted weapons stopped working, armors turned into shiny piles of metal, and Wood Golems started to rot. The elves struck by Pulsing Star on a limb were now crippled until their life force was rewritten with Body Sculpting. 
 Those hit on the head or a vital organ were beyond saving and died despite the Yggdrasill's best attempts to heal them. 
 "You bastard!" The World Tree took control of the nearest Wood Golems and had them deplete their power cores in a coordinated attack aimed at Orulm. 
 His aura had become weaker than a yellow core and his vitality was at the non-Awakened human level. 
 "Watch out!" Tezka Switched the Breaker to safety and pushed Lith out of harm's way. 
 The Tiamat had already done his part. The veil separating the Fringe from the rest of Mogar was wide open but it was the Suneater's dimensional magic that kept the rift stable. 
 Another weak point of Orulm's Break was that since the arrays were damaged but not destroyed, the World Tree only needed the time to cast the missing runes to repair them. Time that Tezka couldn't afford the Yggdrasill. 
 The World Tree activated the space-compressing arrays near the borders, only to watch them fizzle helplessly. They changed the course of the Chroniclers' spells, aiming them at Tezka who intercepted them with nine of his ten tails. 
 "Tezka?" Nandi moved toward the Fylgja to inject him with what world energy the Minotaur had left but the Suneater stopped him with a glare. 
 "Save it for someone who needs it." The hail of spells tore through the tails one after another, producing a conflagration so powerful that the ground below Tezka's feet collapsed into craters and the shockwave pushed the nearby Divine Beasts back of several meters. 
 Tezka's head, arms, and the upper half of his chest were gone yet he hadn't moved an inch. 
 "My turn now!" The Fylgja's maw lay on the ground shattered into many small pieces but it spoke nonetheless. 
 Tezka's body stood tall like nothing had happened while its scattered parts reassembled like he was just a puzzle. With no functioning darkness-sealing arrays on the other side of the rift and the enemy forces scattered, Tezka had Switched Orulm with his Eldritch Tier spell, Suneater. 
 The Fringe was sealed from the outside world and the Fylgja wasn't willing to risk that the World Tree might close off the dimensional corridor amid the chaos of battle. Were that to happen, Tezka would have been cut off from his power source at the worst time possible. 
 By releasing the spell inside the Fringe, instead, there was nothing that the Yggdrasill could do to stop Suneater anymore. 
 "Firestarters, with me!" Valtak and many other Fire Dragons walked through the rift before shapeshifting back into their true form. 
 The Wyrms then dropped on all fours, slamming their hands on the ground and adding magic to the might of their bodies. Cracks formed under their hands and spread throughout the grassland forming a spiderweb. 
 The Fire Dragons called upon the elements of fire and earth to reach for the magma coursing deep in Mogar's mantle and bring it to the surface. Their bloodline ability, Primal Spark, turned the magma and the fires it ignited into Origin Flames. 
 The mystical fire burned at the damaged arrays, burned at the World Tree's army, forcing it to retreat, and it also burned at the surrounding world energy, purifying it from the Yggdrasill will. 
 "Ignite!" Upon Valtak's command, the Fire Dragons spread their wings, connecting them to those of the Wyrms next to them in a single line that covered the dimensional rift. 
 Then, the Fire Dragons took a deep breath, setting their massive bodies ablaze. 
 "Fire at will!" All those still outside the Fringe unleashed their best fire spell, aiming them at the burning Wyrms. 
 Even Dragons and Phoenixes used magical fire instead of Origin Flames. Because there was no need for it. 
 The Fire Dragons' Primal Spark coursed through their bodies, the flames they emitted, and even through the gurgling magma welling up from the cracks in the ground. The magical fires turned into Origin Flames upon contact without consuming the life force of their casters. 
 Primal Spark also allowed to mix the Origin Flames with elemental magic safely and manipulate the resulting combination with willpower like a tier five spell. This way, even Griffons and Eldritches could produce Origin Flames and combine them into Primordial Flames.