Chapter 3259 Chained Souls (Part 2)
 
Controlling an already stable spell was one thing, conjuring and aiming a new spell with pinpoint accuracy was another. In the Yggdrasill's condition, it would have been akin to trying to write a symphony while someone shouted in your ears and another hammered your toes.
 
Meanwhile, the Demon of the Darkness kept killing whoever dared enter the cell and fed the elves to the stone ring. With each victim she claimed she would reforge her equipment, crafting a Fury and an Anvil closer to the originals.
 
Solus was in shock and disbelief but she had the presence of spirit to hasten the tower's repairs.
 
'I need to be fast. Maybe it's not too late to retrieve the shard of my soul. If I can restore my connection with it and use the chain to establish a mind link with Lith, he can come to my rescue!"
 
The first two Chroniclers had been enough to accumulate the life force and mana necessary to restore Solus' body. The rest she stored in the Bleed to help her in her escape attempt.
 
As her wounds healed, Solus' connection with the Demon grew closer and closer until their minds almost formed a mind link. All the elves in the cell were now dead with the only exception of the Librarian.
 
For some reason, the Demon had bound and gagged her with a tier five Spirit Spell that Solus recognized as Griffon Fetters but the Librarian was otherwise unharmed.
 
The petite walked to the stone ring, looking at it with a mix of grief and longing. When the last crack disappeared, a smile like sunrise opened on the black slate of her face.
 
She bent down, picking the ruined form of the tower up with utmost care and caressing its edges with infinite love.
 
"Epphy," The Demon's voice was the steely grind of a forge at work. "I have returned."
 
***
 
Griffon Kingdom, Royal Palace of the city of Valeron, at the same time.
 
Kamila Verhen reached the antechamber of the Throne Room where two Royal Guards waited for her. She had come straight from the Blood Desert but not before making a call.
 
"Here you are, Kami," Zinya waved her hand from a distance while the security confirmed the guest's identity and that she posed no threat.
 
"Thanks for coming so fast, Zin." Kamila held her sister's hands with gratitude.
 
Court etiquette forbade public displays of affection like hugs and giving each other a curtsy wouldn't have allowed them to communicate covertly with a mind link.
 
'Are Kigan and Nelia with you?' Kamila asked.
 
'Just Kigan.' Zinya replied. I'm sorry, but I had to leave Nelia with Filia and Frey. I understand your circumstances, but with Zogar gone and most of the Eldritches absent, I don't trust anyone else with my children.'
 
'No need to apologize.' Kamila inwardly sighed. 'Zogar has even more enemies than Lith and unlike Elysia, your children are not under the protection of the Guardians. Kigan will have to do.'
 
"Thanks for the vote of confidence.' The Dark Phoenix scoffed. Just remember, no array or means of detection except for Soul Vision can spot me, but only until I'm forced to take action.
 
'If for any reason my presence is exposed, I'll be attacked by your enemies during the crisis and by your allies once it's resolved. To avoid people questioning your involvement with me, pretend you didn't know about my presence and act scared.
 
'Don't worry, I asked Zinya to come for moral support and because it's better safe than sorry."Kamila replied. "The palace of Valeron is one of the safest places in the Kingdom. With the arrays, the Royals, and the Royal Guards, not even a natural disaster worries me.'
 
The entire conversation took place while the Royal Guards led the two women to the Throne Room. Holding hands was a bit unusual but understandable when someone was summoned to the Royal Court in the middle of the night.
 
"Your Majesties." Kamila walked right under the raised dais of the thrones before giving the King and Queen a perfect curtsy.
 
Zinya remained a few steps back and to the side of the carpet to stand witness without disturbing the focus of the Royal couple. She gave her curtsy a second after Kamila, receiving solely a nod of the Queen's head to acknowledge her presence while the King's gaze was fixated on Kamila.
 
Meron appreciated how despite the urgent summon Kamila wore the pristine white and gold dress that identified her as the Lady Magus and all the insignia of her rank that testified her loyalty to the Kingdom.
 
A silver Griffon-shaped brooch attested to her affiliation to the Royal Court while the service ribbons on her breast enumerated her meritorious deeds as a member of the
 
army.
 
"Lady Verhen." Meron grunted more than speak. "I'm waiting for an explanation for the actions of your husband and it's better to be a good one."
 
Kamila maintained a half-knelt position and shared the official version of the events with the Royals, hiding solely the connection between Solus and the tower.
 
"He lost his omni pocket and everything in it?" Queen Sylpha was flabbergasted.
 
Not by the omni pocket, she had discovered its existence after befriending the members
 
of the Awakened Council during the War of the Griffons.
 
"Yes, Your Majesty. The blueprints for the DoLorean and the trains, my husband's books about Void Magic, and every reward you have given him over the years are now in the World Tree's possession.
 
"With the Yggdrasill's resources and time, my husband is certain it's only a matter of time before they remove his imprint and steal the magical legacy he has prepared for Elysia." That was the part worrying the Queen.
 
Military secrets, spells exclusive to the Griffon Kingdom, and the elusive branches of magic that had allowed Lith to become the Supreme Magus were now up for the taking.
 
"I understand why he attacked Chalal, but why didn't he warn us of his intentions? Why didn't Magus Verhen ask for the Kingdom's help?" The King steepled his fingers, his mind spinning to find a way to do damage control in the worst-case scenario.
 
Lith dead and his legacy made public.
 
"With all due respect, Your Majesty, what can the Kingdom do?" Kamila raised her head
 
to look Meron in the eyes.
 
"My husband had no idea where the World Tree is located and bringing the army on foreign territory would have created a dangerous precedent that would have undermined your credibility in future diplomatic efforts.
 
"On top of that, what chances do mortal humans have against a horde of elves? Only Awakened have a chance of survival and the Kingdom have none to spare." Meron grunted again but nodded at her words.
 
To make a difference, the King and Queen would have to carry the Saefel Set outside the capital. Not only was it against the law but it would also leave the city of Valeron
 
exposed.
 
Aside from the Royal couple, Tyris produced only seven more fake Awakened for the Queen's Corpse and they were already busy dealing with internal affairs that couldn't be
 
delayed.
 
"By not warning you, Supreme Magus Verhen gave you plausible deniability," Kamila continued. "You can honestly claim you weren't aware of his intentions and haven't played any part in the invasion."