Chapter 3260 Murder (Part 1)
 
"My husband is protecting the Kingdom by taking full responsibility for his actions and avoiding your military forces from being involved in what would be perceived as an unprovoked act of invasion." Kamila said.
 
"It all makes sense." Sylpha pondered. "Magus Verhen's line of action showed great sensibility and political acuity!"
 
'But why do I get the feeling this speech is rehearsed and this explanation is nothing but tailored lip service?' She thought and she was right.
 
"But why didn't he contact the Awakened Council for help, then?" The Queen actually asked. "Magus Verhen has plenty of allies and friends."
 
"His friends are already with him." Kamila replied. "As for the allies, their bond isn't deep enough for his fellow Awakened to risk their long lives for him. Even if they did, how can my husband be certain they wouldn't rather take the omni pocket for themselves?
 
"Especially if it has already been unlocked. Trust takes time and effort to build whereas greed comes easy. That's why he called solely upon those who carry his blood or have already shown their worth during the War of the Griffons.
 
"He couldn't risk to advertise his weakened state to the wrong people. Without his artifacts, my husband is at his weakest, and without resources, it will take him years to rebuild his strength.
 
"This is the perfect moment for his enemies to strike. That's why he shared his plans on a need-to-know basis only."
 
"I understand." Meron rubbed his eyes and temples in frustration. "Supreme Magus Verhen's predicament is truly unique, but this doesn't excuse his actions. When he comes back, it will be hard for him to justify the assistance he provided to the Empire. "Until that moment, you are free to go, Lady Verhen. The Crown will do its best to defend your husband's name and reputation but beware. During his absence, you can expect nasty rumors about him, like defection and madness, to spread.
 
"Rumors that only he can refute."
 
The King skipped the part where in case Lith never returned, the Kingdom would pin the full blame for the events of Zeska and Chalal's invasion on him, but that was heavily implied.
 
"Thank you, Your Majesty." Kamila gave the Royals another curtsy before standing up and taking her leave.
 
Zinya did the same and joined Kamila on the way out.
 
"Are you going straight back to the Blood Desert or do you have time for a cup of tea at my home?" She asked. "Filia and Frey would love to see you and Elysia."
 
"I'm sorry, but I can't take risks." Kamila sighed. "Since I'm already here, however, I'll take a few minutes to pray. Feel free to join me, Zyn, but be careful about what you think." "Pray?" Zynia echoed in disbelief.
 
Religion had long since been considered no different from superstition.
 
With mages capable of healing any wound, instantly moving through space, and causing natural disasters, the people of Mogar considered gods to walk among them, not to sit aloof in their thrones in the sky.
 
"Oh." Zynia understood the meaning of her sister's words when they crossed the palace's internal Gate Network and reached the Gardens of Saefel.
 
It was not only a place filled with the smell of finely cut grass, with flower beds, and trimmed bushes that adorned the cobblestone paths going across the whole park as far as the eye could see.
 
It was also a place of beauty where every single tree and topiary figure had been placed so as not to hinder the sight of the visitors. It allowed the two women to admire several compositions at the same time with a single gaze and the beautiful landscape of the Gardens to always be greater than the sum of its parts.
 
Statues and topiaries of the First Queen were everywhere. Tyris was either depicted with Valeron, the First King, or their children. It took any visitor but a glance to understand that only a man deeply in love like Valeron the First could have made such a thing.
 
Kamila headed for the centers of the Gardens, where a statue of the First Queen embracing her children crowned a magnificent fountain. Kamila knelt at the edges of the water, her hands clasped as she begged Tyris for protection.
 
'I see what she meant.' Zinya thought. "Today must be Leegaain's or Salaark's turn to watch over Elysia and this is the only way Kami has to contact Tyris. We are in the same situation but I can't ask any Guardian to protect my husband.'
 
She wrung her gloved hands.
 
'If they discover Zogar is the Master, who knows what they might-'
 
All kinds of protective arrays enveloped the Gardens of Saefel but unlike the rest of the palace, there were no ceiling or walls shielding them.
 
A massive figure dived from the night sky in a blur, striking at Kamila in an upward motion but its weapon was so big that it hit Zinya as well.
 
'Shit!' Kigan reacted promptly, using one of his wings to wrap both women and shield them from the impact. 'What the fuck?"
 
Despite his size, mass, and Bytra's equipment, his wing shattered. The shockwave sent Zinya and Kamila high in the sky, away from the space compressing array of the palace. A Spirit Gate swallowed them both, with Kigan in tow inside Zinya's shadow.
 
***
 
Back in the Fringe, the Eldritch-hybrids felt as helpless as their Dark Phoenix brother. "Why are we still here?" Theseus, the Meneos-Bastet, pointed at the group of Liches and white cores fighting just a few kilometers in front of them. "What point does entering the Fringe have if we do nothing?"
 
"Don't be stupid, kid." Nandi itched for a fight as well, but he kept focusing on amassing more world energy. "The suppression of the World Tree limits bloodline abilities and a simple darkness sealing array is all they need to take our best cards away.
 
"How long do you think you can endure Silverwing's Annihilation without casting a single spell? We are not Awakened. We don't have Spirit Magic and need all six elements to cast the Master's version of the anti-Guadian spells.
 
"Someone with a small body like me or Abthot wouldn't last a second."
 
Theseus snarled but couldn't refute the Minotaur's words. The white cores had advanced for a short while before the forces of the Yggdrasill had brought them to a halt.
 
Even Baba Yaga's and Silverwing's towers could only handle so much damage. One on one a Wood Golem was nothing to them, but they were fighting dozens at a time. Each group of seven cast Silverwing's Annihilation to attack and another the Bastion to stop the towers' attacks.
 
Normal elves and Librarians infused their best spells into their arrows and threw them at the enemy from a safe distance. A single tier five spell was powerful enough to harm a Divine Beast and each volley was comprised of hundreds of them.
 
Each flurry of arrows blotted the sky as they travelled and then lighted it like a second
 
sun when the spells detonated together.
 
"Relax, kid. Our moment will come. Remember the plan." Valtak said.
 
The Golden, Fire, and the different species of Dragons sired by Surtr were waiting in the safe area under Tezka's protection for their opportunity to strike.