Chapter 3273 Untold Secrets (Part 2)
 
"What a jackass." The Overlord sneered. "How dares he exploit your distress to further his agenda? He has no shame."
 
Then she shamelessly Warped everyone back to the Blood Desert to be the one to deliver the good news and start the celebrations while Leegaain was absent.
 
Lith's family was deeply worried about him and didn't take well hearing they had been kept in the dark about the baby boy. Learning the reason behind Kamila's second and sudden pregnancy was even worse.
 
Yet all their sourness and gloom lasted only for a second before they started
 
congratulating Kamila and arguing about the baby's name with petty reasonings worthy of the Guardians.
 
***
 
Blood Desert, inside the palace Dungeon, at the same time.
 
The wooden puppet stared at the three human women in hatred, its dual nature pushing it toward two different lines of action.
 
What was left of Ra'ntar wanted to kill his torturers at any cost. The elf knew that it was only a matter of time before his consciousness was rewritten by the World Tree and wanted to go down bringing as many people as he could with him.
 
The Yggdrasill, instead, wanted to stall for time and avoid fighting. Their wood was the second hardest material on Mogar but Skywarp was made of Davross.
 
On top of that, the dimensional mage sealed the space only for the Puppet, leaving her allies free to Blink around. Last but not least, the Puppet was a living being which made it vulnerable to the spells of the healer.
 
'I can't allow myself to be captured again or I'll be back to square one.' The Puppet thought. "The Fringe was almost overrun because Ra'ntar's crippling pain prevented me from thinking clearly. The fate of my fragment in the Desert is irrelevant.
 
"The only thing that matters is buy my main body enough time to foil Verhen's plan to rescue Elphyn Menadion. Once he is dead or is forces crippled, I can let Jirni Ernas have fun with this Puppet until its life force runs out.'
 
To kill a Chronicler at any time from any distance, the World Tree used the Yggdrasill weapon they entrusted the elves with, but Tezka had taken it away.
 
Without the staff, there was nothing the small fragment of World Tree inside a Chronicler could do. They shared the same energy signature due to their symbiotic bond and the fragment's magic couldn't hurt the elf.
 
The only option the World Tree had left was to take over the body of the Chronicler and turn him into an extension of their body.
 
A wooden Puppet was supposed to be an unstoppable war machine that would
 
complete the mission and then return to the Fringe where it would become one with the Yggdrasill.
 
The problem was that the prolonged agony and starvation suffered by the elf had been passed on to the Puppet. Its tendrils were thin and any further growth required nutrients.
 
The prison cell had no openings and the cloth of its walls was as hard as Davross. The Puppet couldn't reach the soil to regain its strength, let alone tunnel its way out.
 
"The worst part is that I'm still hungry! The Puppet had grown feeding on Ra'ntar's remains which wasn't much.
 
Getting rid of Jirni's needles had relieved the World Tree from the pain of the torture but due to the telepathic connection between the Puppet and the main body, the Yggdrassill still experienced its hunger.
 
Darkness fusion was useless against starvation, making it the only thorn in the Yggdrasill's side.
 
'What do we do, Mom? Friya asked via a mind link.
 
"The right question is what we must not do, dear.' Jirni replied. 'No matter what happens, don't kill that thing. If it dies, all the work we have done until now will be for nothing.
 
"The World Tree is soon going to realize that they have no way out and when it happens, they will try to get themselves killed. Don't fall for it. Make it suffer but keep it alive!' 'Copy that!' Quylla unleashed her Adamant chains, Bloodbind, and a volley of tier three Light Mastery heat rays the size of a finger.
 
The Puppet whipped the former away with its tendrils and ignored the latter. Heat rays so small wouldn't even heat the Yggdrasil's bark.
 
Or so the Puppet thought until instead of fire element, the rays released healing spells on contact. There were no open wounds to heal but the metabolism of the living wood was accelerated nonetheless, making it burn faster through what was left of its nutrients
 
reserves.
 
'No.'Bloodbind curved in mid-air to resume its attack and the Puppet now lacked the strength to repel the chains again.
 
Bloodbind wrapped itself around the slowest tendrils and before the Puppet could slip away, Quylla flooded her chains with darkness magic.
 
The Yggdrasill wood didn't take much damage but the still-lingering light spells forced it to heal, making it hungrier.
 
'No! Friya cut the space in front of herself with Dreadnought and an exit point appeared behind the Puppet.
 
The fragment of the World Tree had 360-degree sight and predicted the opening of the dimensional door with Soul Vision. What it couldn't predict was that the exit point would instantly collapse on itself.
 
The resulting explosion charred the back of the Puppet and pushed it forward. With nothing to cling to and tendrils too thin to resist the detonation, the living wood tumbled right in the path of Jirni's charge.
 
"That's idiotic!' The Puppet inwardly rejoiced. 'I don't care if I get wounded but a pregnant woman can't say the same.'
 
The living wood disregarded its defence and lashed out with all the tendrils sprouted from Ra'ntar former limbs. The Puppet burned through its energy reserves to harden the vines, make them razor-sharp, and gave them flexible joints capable of spinning at high
 
speed.
 
Jirni cut the Puppet asunder as its tendrils struck at her head, heart, and womb. More sprouted from the open wound, enveloping Jirni in an attack that couldn't be dodged
 
with Blink.
 
The dimensional door would carry along enough of the tendrils to reach her vital organs and deal nigh-lethal damage The Yggdrasill's plan was to kill the baby and Jirni in one fell swoop to send her daughters into a murderous frenzy.
 
Once they destroyed the Puppet, the hunger would be gone as well and the World Tree in the Fringe would be back to its full strength.
 
Great was the Yggdrasill's surprise when each and every one of their strikes reached their mark yet produced a choir of silvery clinks instead of spurts of blood.
 
Jirni's day dress rearranged itself into its true form, the Myrok's Royal Fortress armor. Each of the four founding pillars' households had one, bestowed upon their founder by the First King. Valeron.
 
The armor shared most of the same properties of the Royal Fortress armor used to defend the Royal Palace, like being comprised of pure Davross and having the mass of an
 
Emperor Beast.
 
Yet the armor belonging to the four founding pillars of the Kingdom had also been customized by Tyris to best suit the beloved friends and teammates of Valeron the First.