Chapter 3278 Dying Spark (Part 1)
 
The Yggdrasill used their innate ability to combine Phoenix Smash and Griffon Fetters, generating a wide net of flaming emerald chains capable of restricting the mightiest of Divine Beasts and eroding energy and matter alike.
 
The second component of the assault was the combination of Breakdown and Mana Storm. The resulting effect was a hail of bullets the size of a train car.
 
Each hexa elemental emerald sphere imploded upon contact, with air and earth blocking their victims respectively by inducing an electric seizure and by trapping their limbs in a prison of rock.
 
Fire and water would alternate in pulses, causing a thermal shock that damaged the equipment and made the air unbreathable. Darkness and light destroyed and healed the bodies of their targets in a cycle that drained their stamina and nutrients.
 
Worst of all, neither of the combined spells had any effect on the Golems. They shared the World Tree's energy signature and while the members of Lith's group were turned to shreds, the constructs had the time to rebuild their strength.
 
When the dust settled, a gruesome show presented itself to the spectators. The joint assault of Golems' enchantments and Yggdrasill's spells had pierced through Spirit Barriers and Davross armor.
 
Thanks to Orion's Life Maelstrom and defensive abilities, Lith had only lost his left arm and half of his head. The others were reduced to a shapeless pulp of flesh, wood, and metal.
 
"We have to get out of here!" Orion had suffered minor wounds and used his Blade Tier Spell, Elemental Sonata, to push the flaming Griffon Fetters away while his allies regenerated.
 
They shared the Titania's regenerating ability so as long as there was fertile soil they had everything they needed to recover. Yet healing from such grievous wounds would put a strain on their life forces, if they did it too often.
 
'Let me help you.' Lith used Domination to share control of Orion's Blade Spell while using the Eyes of Menadion to find the weak spots of the Fetters and the Ears to follow the mana flow of the Tree's spell and use it as a conduit for Elemental Sonata.
 
The Blade Spell pierced through the chain links and coursed through them, destroying Griffon Fetters from the inside. Even with Lith's guidance, Orion lacked the mana to destroy such a widespread net so Lith reinforced Elemental Sonata with the Hands.
 
Their combined efforts tore the emerald chains apart and opened a huge gap in the Tree's defenses. Without the sealing effects of Griffon Fetters, Abomination Touch drained the Golems, forcing them to let go of their prey and allowing the group to Blink forward.
 
From a distance, Valtak sighed in relief just to grunt in despair a second later. Another eight-man unit of Golems was charging at Lith from the front while the regenerating Golems gave chase from the back.
 
"The advantage of surprise is gone and whatever Lith was doing to restrict the World Tree it's not working anymore. The Father of Fire fought his way toward the strike team.
 
The runes in the sky reassembled themselves to form a new hail of spells as the Yggdrasill consumed another chunk of the shattered arrays, forcing Valtak to breathe a vast umbrella of Primordial Flames to weaken the attack.
 
Even with the lessons he had imparted to Zoreth, the Shadow Dragon wasn't strong enough to stop the Golems and the spells at the same time. Even with Gentor's Golden Radiance neutralizing the Spirit Spells imbued in the elven arrows, there were hundreds of them.
 
The elves had a deep violet core now and with the guidance they received from the Tree through the vines, the elves had already mastered their newfound abilities like
 
Invigoration and Spirit Magic.
 
The mana of the spells inflicted little damage on the Golden Dragon, but their shockwaves ripped his scales off and carved his flesh.
 
Just a bit further!' Valtak coughed a small burst of emerald flames that spread in front of Gentor and intercepted the arrows, burning just enough of the mana they carried to make the volley explode at a safe distance. I just need a bit more time.'
 
If conjuring Primordial Flames by himself put a great strain on what was left of Valtak's life force, producing the Immortal Flames almost made him faint. Yet he had no choice. Gentor was using Invigoration to recover his strength and heal his wounds. If the volley were to hit him, they would interrupt his breathing technique and force him to retreat to the safe area.
 
"The World Tree shows no hesitation in killing our younger members, but they don't dare unleash their full power on Gentor and me.' The Father of Fire hadn't missed how the attacks directed at him lacked any killing intent, with just enough power to pierce through his defenses.
 
"The death of any Fire or Golden Dragon is on me and Valtak because they followed us, but if the Yggdrasill kills either of us, the Brood would take it as an act of war. That wooden bastard is trying to kick Gentor out of the Fringe and make me die of Origin Flames abuse.
 
'It would be no different from dying of natural causes and the Brood wouldn't care either.' The Elder Wyrm cursed the hypocrisy of his brethren and pushed forward. "Lith needs our help. He shouted in the communication amulet to overcome the din of battle. "The World Tree has noticed him and is wearing him down."
 
"Tough luck!" Silverspire's Silver Warrior trembled as another Annihilation shook its foundations. "He's against two units of Golems. We are dealing with dozens of them!"
 
"Lochra is right, Valtak." Bloodhaven kept regenerating, yet it always missed at least one limb. "We are doing what we can. If we break our formation, the Yggdrasill will kill us in seconds and Lith is going to be next."
 
I was saving this for later, but I have no choice left.' Baba Yaga was slowly getting cornered by the coordinated assault of the Golem units. If only the world energy of the Fringe answered my command as it does on the outside, the Yggdrasill would never manage to restrict me like this.'
 
Eight doors opened on the wooden surface of Bloodhaven releasing the Firstborns Undead.
 
Letting them come out of a single corridor would have meant offering an easy target. Dawn swooped in, unleashing another Rising Sun to give the undead the time to
 
converge.
 
The Firstborn Banshee and Wendigo screamed together to generate a massive shockwave that froze everything in its wake and drained its energy. The Golems were temporarily slowed down while the elves bled from their eyes, mouths, and ears. The First Blood Witch collected the elven essence, turning half of it into Blood Maelstrom to empower her allies and the other half in blood spells that decimated the living.
 
Fresh blood still contained traces of life force and Spirit Magic and Esizah rekindled them both, turning the inert matter into pure energy. She used the blood to weave powerful tier five Spirit Spells without expending an iota of the mana stored in her blood
 
core.
 
The Firstborn Mage Slayer bathed in the enemy's onslaught, his misty body absorbing all elements but darkness that he dispatched with swift movements of his sword.