Chapter 3299 Full Might (Part 2)
 
Fuck!' Numbers offered no protection against Tezka, only disadvantages. 'If I stick my Golems close, I can use anti-Guardian spells to injure the Suneater. Yet if I do that. Tezka needs just one wide arc of his blade to stop them all.
 
'If I order the Golems to spread out, Tezka can't freeze more than one at a time but then an entire eight-man unit can't even touch his fur! The Tree was stuck in a lose-lose situation against the Fylgja which only got worse as Tezka rescued the almost-dead Wyrms and nursed them back to health.
 
"Burn the Yggdrasill, my old and new children. Burn them to the ground!" Ananta, the Mother of All Black Dragons roared as she raised the corpses spread throughout the battlefield as lesser undead.
 
Dead elves and Wyrms stood up, uncaring of sunlight, and threw themselves at the enemy lines. The possessed elves found themselves fighting against their neighbors, friends, and family.
 
Not only was it hard for the elves to strike at the monsters wearing familiar faces but the shock was also so intense that it weakened the Tree's grip over their minds.
 
As for the undead Dragons, they had no Origin Flames or spells aside from darkness magic, but the Wyrms still had the mighty body of Divine Beasts. Divine Beasts whose strength was further enhanced, who suffered the cold no longer, and could be endlessly reborn unless their corpses were ground to dust.
 
"For Valtak!" Quashol joined the now-healed Gentor and Irslak, the Father of All Storm Dragons. "Let's teach these weeds never to mess with the Brood again, brothers."
 
"For Valtak!" Erghak the Fire Dragon, now in charge after the Father of Fire's death, joined the assault and so did the rest of his Brood.
 
Primal Spark turned every fire into Origin Flames that the Dragons combined into Primordial Flames. A tidal wave of white fire swept the battlefield, hurting the Tree's servants without affecting the invaders.
 
The Ice Dragons' Frozen Horizon spread a cold aura that instead of lowering the temperature affected the mana inside the bodies and equipment of their enemies. With the mana flow and Fusion Magic impeded, elves and Golems found themselves stuttering.
 
Frozen Horizon inflicted no damage, it clotted the usually seamless flow of mana. If left alone, the frozen mana would remain stuck and all magical abilities would be sealed. If pushed with strength, the blockage would be resolved by expelling the frozen mana which would burst. Fusion Magic would go from inactive to ten times stronger for the brief time the mana clot released its power, then go back to normal and stop again at the next clot.
 
The same would happen to spells and artifacts, greatly hindering Awakened and true mages.
 
Magic and fights at high levels were all about finesse and control. Being incapable of predicting how fast you would move or the strength you would put in your next step could easily have disastrous consequences.
 
Spells would come out stronger or weaker than expected, if not at all until it was too late for them to be of any use. Quashol's bloodline was not the strongest amongst the Brood but one that few dared cross.
 
The very crystals on an Ice Dragon's body weren't made of ice but of solid mana.
 
The Golden Dragons shielded their allies from long-range spells thanks to their scales made impervious by their Golden Radiance bloodline ability while the Storm Dragons reminded the World Tree of the meaning of their name.
 
As their aura spread, Skyfire conjured black clouds that blotted out the sky. Irslak's bloodline had the ability to inject a spark of their life force not only in the air like the rest of the Wyrms but also in the water dispersed in it, bringing it to heel.
 
The Skyfire bloodline ability could instantly create thunderclouds which in turn produced storms of natural lightning. Their destructive power was leagues above any form of magical lightning and no array could stop them.
 
It was just rarefied water infused with the Storm Dragon's life force and the fury of nature. Irslak and his Brood couldn't control the thunderclouds but the sparks of their life forces allowed the Wyrms to nudge the storm in the right direction and guide the bolts of lightning to specific targets.
 
"Lightning never strikes the same spot twice is a false statement for humans and folly for someone made of wood, murderer." The Father of All Storm Dragons bellowed as bursts of lightning and booms of thunder robbed his allies of sight and hearing. The same happened to Irslak's enemies but they were also struck by streams of electricity that brought Golems to their knees and blasted the elves off their feet. As per its name, Skyfire set its target ablaze and with Origin Flames at that. Without the influence of the World Tree tainting the world energy and with the Yggdrasill distracted by the fusion between Lith and Solus, the hail of spells had relented enough for Leegaain's Brood to bring their full might to bear.
 
"Push forward!" Baba Yaga yelled. "With each enemy we kill, with every Golem we destroy, the battle turns in our favor. The Yggdrasill's firepower is limited by those
 
accursed runes in the sky, ours is eternal,"
 
The movement of each of her six arms conjured countless elemental spells. The touch of her fingers was enough to unleash tier five spells while by positioning her hands she could instantly switch from one magical formation to another.
 
Every hand acted as a focus and a point of a seven-pointed star, with her tri-faced head closing the circle. She could turn an elemental-sealing array she had just used to block a
 
volley of spells into a Silverwing's Annihilation and then into a Bastion to protect herself or her children.
 
Under the aegis of the Asura, the Firstborn undead focused solely on attacking. They fought like Demons, burning every bit of their strength until they were forced to retreat inside Bloodhaven.
 
There, one breath of Invigoration would restore the Firstborns' mana and the white prism embedded in their chests turned the light element in the life force they had consumed, allowing them to resume their onslaught.
 
"Well, shit. I feel close to irrelevance!" Ayleen cursed from Bloodhaven's doorstep, staying close enough to her phylactery to obtain its endless supply of mana and shamelessly exploiting Baba Yaga's protection under the pretense of helping the Firstborns to get in and out.
 
"It's hard to compare to a mage tower!" Surtr roared as his Breath of Light pinned his enemies to the ground and shielded his children with countless hard-light constructs. His attack was powerful and versatile, changing according to the enemy and adapting to any situation.
 
"Especially if you have no idea how to trigger your real form!" Sinmara laughed in Ayleen's face as she activated her unique ability, Echo of Darkness.
 
The shadows surrounding the white-cored Phoenix, even those of the Golems and the elves, came to life and turned into a copy of Sinmara. Each one of the Shadow Phoenixes unleashed a different tier five Spirit Spell at point-blank range upon those who carried them, making the attack impossible to avoid.
 
A few tried to Blink away, but no one can get rid of his own shadow. The Echo of Darkness followed its victims and so did its spells.