Chapter 3302  Unique Fusion (Part 3)
 
 The metal plates forming the blade of the hybrid Double Edge opened, creating a circuit. Pure elemental energy flowed from each of the seven crystals etched on its fuller to the others and then through the blade in a loop. 
 The exhaust ports on the back of the hybrid's armor flared up, releasing the excess world energy that not even Menadion's tower could muster. 
 The Engine split the world energy into its elemental components and mixed it with its masters' life forces to generate Spirit Magic. 
 What was left was released through the exhaust ports in bursts of raw elemental power that flooded six of the eight wings of the hybrid, changing their color accordingly. 
 The remaining two, one comprised of golden hair and the other black and membranous turned to an emerald green along with the rest of the body. 
 The cores of Lith, Solus, and the tower beat in unison with the seven kinds of elemental crystals embossed in their weapon, armor, and every piece of equipment stored in the armory, each pulsing like living hearts. 
 With each pulse, the Spirit wave flooded every bit of the hybrid's armor and body until the black and silver of the Voidwalker armor and the golden and white of the tower were eclipsed by the brilliant emerald light. 
 With a mighty roar, Lith and Solus released Extinction from their body in the form of a blazing pillar that split into five streams of energy and intercepted the Annihilations. 
 The anti-Guardian spells and the Tower Blade spell clashed to a standstill, but that only until the first bright white lightning streaked the hybrid's aura, pushing their strength up another notch. 
 'No!' The World Tree used their breathing technique, Root Cause, to inject more mana and make up for the growing gap in power between the spells but so did Lith and Solus. 'Fuck, no!' 
 With all their knowledge and wisdom, the Yggdrasill was just one bright violet core, like Lith. Lith, however, also had Solus and the tower by his side. 
 The mage tower constantly absorbed great amounts of world energy from the Fringe and used it to replenish Lith's and Solus' mana akin to Invigoration while also nurturing their bodies and cores. 
 The absorption of world energy was further amplified by the Hands of Menadion and the Sage Staff stored in the Armory while the emerald armor enveloping the hybrid's body boosted their vitality and all their bloodline abilities. 
 'We can't hold on much longer.' Lith and Solus thought. 'So far we have prevented the Golems from casting anti-Guardian spells by Blinking amid their ranks and decimating them, but if the World Tree pins us into place for too long, we are done.' 
 Lith emitted Tiamat Fear, taking control over the world energy surrounding the hybrid while Solus put her mother's lesson about the Eyes and Ears into practice to find the weak points of the enemy's spells. 
 Tiamat Fear slowed down the mana flow of the Annihilations, allowing Solus to aim the five streams of Extinction right at the focal junctures where the seven elemental pillars met to form the anti-Guardian spells. 
 The Tower Blade Spell pierced through the fractured Annihilations and dug its way toward the Yggdrasill. 
 No matter how much mana the World Tree poured into their spells, the Yggdrasill couldn't keep up with the tower. Especially with the Annihilations losing their cohesion as the hybrid kept countering the Tree's every move. 
 No matter what path the anti-Guardian spells took or if they whipped around like snakes to attack the hybrid from multiple sides at once, the Ears read the change in their mana flow and Solus adjusted Extinction's trajectory accordingly. 
 The six spells moved as one like they were glued together. To make matters worse, Lith was free to inject his willpower inside the anti-Guardian spells with Tiamat Fear and Dominate them while Solus kept the Yggdrasill busy. 
 'Screw this!' With their spells falling apart and doomed to soon fall under the hybrid's control, the World Tree sacrificed more and more runes, imbuing the Annihilations with enough mana and willpower to dwarf the hybrid's. 
 'Conjuring a sixth Annihilation would be madness.' The Yggdrasill sighed. 'I don't have enough focus to split among so many spells at the same time. Verhen would Dominate the other five and turn them against me.' 
 'Fuck me sideways!' Lith and Solus thought in unison as they suddenly found themselves on the losing side of the battle. 
 The five anti-Guardian spells had been restored and their cumulative power now exceeded Extinction's. The Annihilations slowly pushed back the Tower Blade spell at first and then quickly overwhelmed it. 
 The hybrid Blinked amid the enemy lines, destroying Golems and killing elves simply by proximity. Lith and Solus Blinked again a few times to escape the Annihilations long enough to rearrange Extinction into a defensive energy dome. 
 Also, their blitzes were aimed at the seven-man units closer to complete weaving an Annihilation. Few puppets actually died but the others were forced to interrupt their spellcasting and conjure a Bastion to defend themselves. 
 'Now!' Lith and Solus stopped running away after Blinking in the thick of the enemy formations. 
 Lith had condensed the Tiamat Fear so as to completely overlap with Extinction while Solus had used that time to study the mana flow of the empowered Annihilations. 
 Golems and Puppets shared the World Tree's energy signature so the anti-Guardian Spells could do nothing to them. The clash with the Tower Tier Spell, however, was a different story entirely. 
 Yggdrasill had ever witnessed and their preparations were painfully inadequate. 
 The Extinction dome deformed under the pressure of the Annihilations but it held. Solus focused most of the power of the Tower Blade Spell where she knew the pillars would hit, leaving the rest of the sphere paper thin. 
 Lith, instead, kept the Tiamat Fear dense and compressed so that the deeper an enemy spell got, the slower it would become, giving Solus the time to counter it. Last but not least, the bright white bolts of lightning streaked their aura, increasing their power over time. 
 'I can't lose.' The World Tree consumed even more of the remaining runes, until only a few were left. 'This is not about just the tower anymore. My Fringe, my people, my libraries. Everything that my ancestors have accumulated over the millennia is at stake!' 
 With a final push, the anti-Guardian spells broke through the energy dome in a mushroom explosion. 
 "Lith needs our help!" Vastor cursed. 
 "True, but we need a damn fifth!" Tessa snarled. "My array is useless with just four people!" 
 "And it can't be someone squishy. We already have too many humans in the formation." Much to everyone's surprise, it was Orion talking. "We need someone who can make a difference, like Menadion." 
 "No way. You guys are fucking slow." Ripha scoffed while dragging two more people with her. "You can have this one. I need a steed." 
 She threw a still-flabbergasted Zoreth amid the four Awakened with one hand while pulling Bytra back on her hooves with the other.