Chapter 3312  Unforeseen Ripples (Part 1)
 
 "And you had the humility to recognize your limits, ask for help and overcome them." Ripha completed the phrase for her. "That's something the old Bytra would have never done." 
 "Thank you." The Raiju managed to say between violent sobs. 
 "Don't thank me." Menadion replied. "Thank yourself. If you hadn't worked so hard to fix the old Bytra's mistakes, if you had just taken the good and washed your hands of the bad, we would be having a much different conversation. 
 "If you had taken the same path as the old Bytra, we wouldn't talk at all. I would have killed you like the rabid animal she was. The legacy you carry is still stained by my and Elp-Solus' blood but you have redeemed it through your actions. 
 "I sincerely hope you'll keep up like this and won't make me regret what I did today." 
 "I won't let you down again. I promise." It took Brytra a while to compose herself and manage to stand up on her own. During that time, Solus pondered her mother's words. 
 'Maybe Mom is right but I still can't move past the fact that Bytra carries the face and memories of my murderer.' She thought. 'Maybe I'm too quick to judge, but I think Mom is too quick to forgive. That or Lith's ability to hold a grudge rubbed off on me.' 
 Once Bytra recovered enough to travel, they all jumped on Zoreth's back and flew to Chalal's border with the Gorgon Empire. 
 "Is it me or are there lots of fires on the horizon?" The Shadow Dragon asked Lith. 
 Her eyesight was good but a Tiamat's was on another level. 
 "No, you are correct." Lith observed small contingents of two different colors fight all over the major intersections leading to Chalal's capitol. "I think we've somehow triggered a war. What the heck did we miss?" 
 He took out his communication amulet but there was no message aside from those dating back to his disappearance. Everyone knew he had lost his pocket dimension and hadn't bothered contacting him after. 
 "I can check my amulet, but we are already at our destination." Zoreth slowed down and descended at a safe distance from the border fortress of the Empire. 
 The Magic Empress had given the members of the Brood full access to her Gate Network and had yet to revoke the order but the Shadow Dragon had no way to know that. 
 On top of that, a contingent of thousands of mage soldiers and anti-siege war machines were arranged inside the fortress, forming a powerful array that could be activated at any moment. 
 'I'd rather avoid further conflict.' Zoreth said via a mind link as they approached the army leader, a three-star general wearing a marine green mage robe. 'We are all tired and humans spook easily.' 
 'Good thinking.' Solus nodded. 'Milea is our ally and her support today was crucial. Without her, the Brood wouldn't have- What's that?' 
 Lith was too tired or he would have noticed it for a while with his Tiamat eyes. 
 The Verhen household banner flew high on the poles carried by the standard-bearers of each platoon, right below the flag of the Gorgon Empire. Lith's family crest pictured a black and red winged dragon coiled around a white stone tower. 
 Below the tower, a sword and a mage staff crossed heads. After Lith had become a Magus, the Royals had added a golden laurel wreath encompassing the base crest as Lith's badge of office. 
 "Present arms!" The general bellowed as he saw his honored guests approaching. 
 The platoon opened a corridor for Lith's group, crossing their weapons high above their heads. 
 "Supreme Magus Verhen, allow me to introduce myself. I'm Lieutenant General Wemar Shalt and I'm here to offer you the eternal gratitude of the Gorgon Empire for the great service you rendered today." 
 The general was a tall man with squared shoulders and the muscular build of a bear. He welcomed the honor guests first, giving them the salute while his personal guards presented their enchanted staves to Lith. 
 "I beg your pardon?" Even in his exhausted state, Lith doubted the Empire was aware of the events that had taken place in the Fringe. 
 'Even if they did, I doubt they would care. This must be about something else.' He thought. 
 "You broke through Chalal's borders and opened the way for us." The general stated the obvious with the most polite and grateful tone. 
 He sounded like he was recounting the tale of a hero to an ignorant crowd instead of like someone dumbing things down for a slow-witted child. 
 "The war is still ongoing, but our Empress is confident that in a matter of weeks Chalal will be annexed to our Gorgon Empire. With its luscious lands and fertile fields, our new region will solve part of our food supply problems. 
 "Thanks to you, the people of the Empire won't be afraid of winter any longer and will have more and better food to eat during the rest of the year." 
 At those words, the mage soldiers shoot chore magic spells in the air, conjuring fireworks brilliant enough to be visible even during the day. 
 "I see." Lith's mind started spinning, calculating the effects of the unforeseen ripples caused by his actions in both the Kingdom and the Empire. Then, it stopped. 
 'I'm too tired to worry about how big of a new one Meron will rip into me and I'll think about what to ask Milea as compensation on another day. The only thing I can do now is sleep.' 
 "Do you need the assistance of our Healers or Forgemasters?" The general noticed Lith's cracked equipment and scabbed wounds. "We would be honored to offer you hospitality until you have recovered from your glorious battle." 
 "Thanks, but I'd rather go home." Lith returned the salute and waited for the general to make way. 
 "As you wish." Wemar nodded. "If there's anything you need or we can help you with, the doors of the Gorgon Empire are always open for you, your family, and your friends." 
 To the mage soldiers, Lith's battered figure was that of a mage who had fought against one of the most powerful existences on Mogar and came out victorious. Lith, instead, felt like someone had shoved him in a washer and he had to endure the full cycle before getting out of it. 
 He half stumbled and half walked after the general, wishing for more haste and less pomp. 
 Luckily for him, it took him only one step to enter Salaark's palace after finally reaching the Warp Gate. 
 The room was packed with friends, family, and Guardians. 
 "Good gods, Lith, are you alright?" Kamila rushed to him first, stopping in front of him. 
 The Voidfeather armor was still cracked and Ragnarök's power core so depleted that the blood surrounding the blade looked more like a sloppy paintjob than a scabbard. Lith was bruised and battered, with scars covering the exposed parts of his flesh. 
 "I've seen better days but I'll heal." He replied. "I only need some rest." 
 "What about Solus? Where is she?" Kamila held him in a gentle embrace in consideration for his wounds.