Chapter 3314  A Mother’s Love (Part 1)
 
 "Mom, these are the members of my adoptive family. Raaz, Elina, Tista, Rena, Senton, Aran, and Leria." 
 "No need to introduce them one by one." Ripha gave everyone a small bow. "I've known all of them for years and wish they could say the same about me." 
 "Mom never left my side." Solus' voice filled the room with stunned silence. "Her soul was always with me since the day she died. She accepted Lith's chains during the battle and has become a Demon just like Trion." 
 "Which begs a question." Trion said. "Lith has gained the ability to conjure Demons for quite some time. Why didn't you manifest sooner like I did?" 
 "Because I knew that once my energy ran out, I would have been forced to move on and abandon my daughter." Ripha replied. "Before you ask, I don't like Lith much and the idea of binding my existence to him is far from alluring." 
 "You don't like my brother?" Rena couldn't believe her own ears. "After everything he's done for Solus? If you've been watching him from the shadows for the past sixteen years you should know what kind of man he is!" 
 "Those are the exact reasons I don't like him." Ripha shook her head. "I was there all along, witnessing everything first-hand. I didn't wait years before receiving an embellished version of his life and even longer to get the truth. 
 "I didn't have to peel the onion like you did. Also, it's funny that you blame me for my opinion after how quickly you judged my daughter back when Lith introduced her to you." 
 Rena said nothing, lowering her eyes in embarrassment. 
 "Are you not going to stay, Ripha?" Silverwing asked, embracing her friend after centuries of separation. 
 "Honestly, I don't know, Lochra." The First Ruler of the Flames returned the embrace. "I would like to stay, but the price is steep. Also, I don't know if my presence would do more harm than good. 
 "Epphy built her new life without me and I don't want to chain her to the past. As much as it pains me to admit it, she's been happier with the Verhen's than in all the years she spent with me after Threin's death." 
 "How can you say that, Mom?" Solus grabbed Menadion's hand, forcing her to turn toward her. "You have no idea how much I missed you. I've spent countless nights wishing to have you back and talk to you, even if just for one minute. 
 "You can't leave again after we've just been reunited!" 
 "It's not that easy, Epphy. I mean, Solus. Sorry." Menadion sighed. 
 Being a wandering soul was painful, but the weight of the Demon form was heavy as well. Menadion knew that were she to stay, she would have to depend on Lith for her survival. 
 That she would have to live and spend her days with people she didn't care about. 
 'Just thinking about all the work needed to update my magical knowledge gives me a headache.' She thought. 'The worst part is that I know Lith is going to ask me for Forgemastering lessons and I can't say no to him. 
 'Not because he's going to blackmail me into it but because the moment Epphy looks at me with puppy eyes I'm going to fold like a cheap shirt. I couldn't say no to her when we spent every day together, let alone now after being separated for seven hundred years. 
 'Most of all, I miss Threin. I want to be reunited with him, to feel his touch and hear his voice again. Wherever he is, Threin must be worried sick about Epphy and me.' Once a wandering soul vented its anger, its attachment to the world of the living waned. 
 It was the reason most souls moved on even though they weren't given the possibility to settle their personal scores, just an opportunity to unleash their pent-up frustration. 
 "It is that easy, Mom." Solus said. "We both know Lith won't put conditions on your stay. You can move on or you can stick around as long as you want. Either way it's your and your decision only. 
 "I'm okay with both, just don't make up excuses and be honest with me." 
 Menadion fell silent. On the one hand she wanted to be reunited with her husband. On the other hand, Ripha still felt guilty about walking out on the still-recovering Elphyn to chase after the original Bytra. 
 'What if my selfishness leads to another catastrophe? Will I be able to watch over my daughter from beyond the veil or will I be completely separated from her until the day Epphy dies?' 
 The First Ruler of the Flames was so deep inside her own head that she didn't notice what was happening around her. 
 'My thirst for revenge got us here. Had I remained with Epphy, I would still be alive.' Ripha thought. 'Had I waited for their return, Lochra and Yaga would have helped me to kill Bytra and retrieve the Fury. 
 'After that, I would have worked hard to reach the white, even begging them to teach me, if necessary. I would still be alive to this day, Epphy wouldn't have suffered centuries of starvation, and she wouldn't have been involved in Lith's mess. 
 'What if my selfishness leads to another catastrophe? Will I be able to watch over my daughter from beyond the veil or will I be completely separated from her until the day Epphy dies?' 
 The First Ruler of the Flames was so deep inside her own head that she didn't notice what was happening around her. 
 Solus could understand her mother's reasons. She too longed to meet Threin again and make up for all the lost time. Yet there were many precious things in Solus' life and had no rush to abandon them. 
 So she took a page from Lith's book and decided to play dirty. 
 "I know you probably have seen her before but I still want to introduce you to Elysia, Mom." Before Ripha could say a word Solus shoved the baby girl in her arms. 
 "Thanks, Solus." Menadion played along. "Hello, little one, how are you doing?" 
 Ripha had seen many babies in her life and even though they had never interacted directly, she had spent a lot of time with Elysia whenever Solus kept the baby. The child held no sway over her. 
 For almost a full second. 
 The warmth of Elysia's body, her giggling sounds, and her head full of elemental streaks reminded Ripha of the times when she held the little Elphyn Menadion in her arms. When her husband was still alive and her life perfect. 
 "Gods, she's adorable!" Ripha started cooing at the baby who cooed back, disappointed by the newcomer's poor conversation skills. 
 "Ba." Elysia's eyes pierced through the illusion weaved by Light Mastery and assumed her Abomination form. 
 Her white eyes flared up, forcing Menadion's silvery eye open as the baby attempted other forms of communication. 
 "What is she doing?" Ripha could feel the connection with Elysia growing even stronger, like there was an additional chain connecting her to the baby. 
 "I have no clue." Lith shrugged. "Give Elysia two, three years tops and we can ask her, though." 
 "Very funny. I'm not-" Menadion's long hair moved on its own, wrapping around the baby girl like a blanket to keep her warm. 
 "It makes sense." Solus pondered. "Elysia loves it when I do that. She must have noticed we have identical hair and expected you to do the same."