Chapter 3316  Bad Habits don’t Die (Part 1)
 
 "After going through so much and not seeing you for so long, Ripha, maybe Solus needs your support more than your criticism." Elina said. 
 "You are right." Menadion sighed. "I've always been a demanding parent and old habits die hard." 
 "After seven hundred years, I'd say they don't die at all." Solus stabbed at her lasagna like they had a long-lasting blood feud. 
 "Epphy!" Menadion said. 
 "Solus, dammit!" Solus grunted. 
 "Lith!" Lith tried to make light of the situation, obtaining only a murderous glare from all those involved. 
 "I know it's asking much, but would it be possible to take a tour of the tower?" Bytra put herself in the line of fire just to make them stop arguing. 
 "Which tower?" Baba Yaga asked. 
 "Menadion's." Bytra shrugged. "No offense, but Bloodhaven is more like a nursery and Silverspire looks like a patchwork put together at the last minute." 
 "None taken." Baba Yaga and Silverwing lied through their teeth. 
 "I'm sure they are impressing in their own way." The Raiju did her best to save them some face. "I'm just wondering how much damage I caused to Solus. I feel terrible knowing the tower is in shambles because of me." 
 "Mom? Lith?" Solus turned to Menadion before answering. 
 "It's your tower now, dear. Do whatever you want with it." Ripha decided to follow Elina's advice and not boss her daughter around further. 
 "You know what I think." Lith replied. 
 "About that, I agree with you." Solus nodded. 
 "About letting Bytra visit the tower?" Menadion asked. 
 "No. I mean, yes. I mean also that, but I was referring to our tower's name." Solus scratched her head in embarrassment while giving Ripha a dirt look. "Starforge sounds perfect." 
 "Since when did you name the tower?" Silverwing asked. 
 "Since the moment I learned you two named yours." Lith replied. "Yet it wasn't something I could decide on my own. I wanted to discuss it with Solus first but I assume our fusion covered that already." 
 "Why Starforge?" Bytra tilted her head in confusion. 
 "Because it allows us to even travel through the stars." Solus said while nervously playing with her star-shaped pendant. 
 Menadion didn't miss the gesture and sighed deeply. 
 "Wait what? The stars?" Zoreth pointed at the sky. 
 "The moon, to be precise but the point still stands." Lith shrugged. 
 'I really want to ask him to give me a demonstration but it feels like overstepping my boundaries.' The Shadow Dragon burned with curiosity but ended up holding it in. 
 "So, it's a yes?" Bytra asked, quivering with excitement. 
 "Correct, but I'm not going anywhere until I'm done eating." Solus replied, throwing a warning glare at Menadion before moving to the dessert table. 
 "I never understood all the fuss about ice cream." Ripha switched to a softer approach. "It's just sugared cold milk." 
 "Try it before judging." Solus handed her mother a small bowl of vanilla and chocolate ice cream. 
 Ripha took a tentative spoonful that left her in stunned awe. 
 "Gods, it's delicious." She looked at Lith with admiration before remembering he carried the knowledge of another world. 
 It was one of the many things they would have to talk about but it had to wait. 
 "I'm glad you like it." Lith nodded. 
 "Can I come too, please?" Zoreth asked. "I swear I won't say a soul." 
 "You were included in the invitation from the start, big sis." Lith looked at her in confusion. "Again, you already know the who and what Solus is. No point hiding the how." 
 The Shadow Dragon looked at Solus for confirmation before saying: 
 "Thank you, little brother. You have no idea how much this means to me. And thank you for speaking to Valtak on my behalf. Even if for just one lesson about Origin Flames, it was nice having someone who treated me like a member of the Brood." 
 "What about me?" Lith asked. 
 "No offense, you are no Brood." Zoreth shook her head. "What do you know about our legacy and traditions?" 
 "Dragons spew fire and hoard treasures!" Aran replied. 
 "What he said." Lith jabbed his thumb at his little brother. 
 "My point exactly." Zoreth sighed. "Don't get me wrong, you are my blood brother but that's not enough to make you Brood. Not until you learn our ways." 
 "That's not a problem, big sis." Aran puffed his chest out with pride. "As soon as Grandpa Leegaain Awakens us, Leria and I will listen to his boring speeches and become like you." 
 "Thank you, little one." Zoreth chuckled while ruffling his hair. 
 "Nice try." Leegaain grunted. "I'm not Awakening anyone, though." 
 "I told you that calling his speeches boring was rude!" Leria's angry whisper was perfectly audible to humans, let alone Divine Beasts. 
 Everyone tried and failed to repress a chuckle. 
 "It's the truth and Mom always says that honesty is the best policy. Also, if you are so smart, why did you send me to do the dirty job for you, chicken?" Aran grunted in a very Leegaain-y way. 
 "I'm not scared of anything, dummy!" Leria puffed her cheeks just like Salaark did when she argued. 
 "And I think you two are spending too much time with your grandparents." Raaz reprimanded them, putting an end to the discussion while the adults were still laughing. 
 The visit started, as always, from the hallway. 
 "Good gods, it's bigger on the inside." Zoreth said in amazement. 
 "Yes, dear. Just like I told you several times whenever we talked about my apprenticeship under Master Menadion." Bytra sighed. 
 "Just Menadion will do." Ripha dismissed the honorific with a wave of her hand. "This is new, though." 
 The round carpet below their feet now also depicted a scene of Lith and Solus fighting against the World Tree. 
 "Actually, there's a lot of new things." Bytra said. "The ground floor is much nicer and warmer than I remember it. Back then the furnishing was kind of… austere." 
 "Thanks for the understatement." Ripha replied. "The tower was just my lab and teaching grounds. They made it their home, instead." 
 "It suits you, Lith." Zoreth looked around the various rooms of the house. "It's nice and comfortable without being ostentatious." 
 "Thanks for the compliments but the real tour has yet to begin." Lith gave her a polite bow and brought everyone to the bottom of the tower. 
 The Mine and the Crucible were impressive but still nothing special for the hybrids, not after living for so long with Nandi. 
 The Spark drew much more interest, especially after Lith left his armor, Double Edge, and Ragnarök there to hasten their repairs and further refine their basic materials. 
 "Why is this door closed?" Zoreth asked while pointing at the Thievery. 
 "It's always been close, Zor." Bytra replied after recognizing the rune patterns of the locks. "Menadion always kept a few secrets even from her closest friends. This is probably where Lith and Solus hide their secret projects." 
 "Correct." Lith lied through his teeth to hide one of Menadion's shameful secrets. 
 The Thievery's purpose was to crack cloaking runes and steal the techniques of her rivals. The Bleed was closed as well, so they moved straight to the Armory. 
 "Let me get this straight." The Shadow Dragon said after a brief explanation. "All the enchantments you successfully craft become something you guys and the tower can use akin to a bloodline ability?"