Chapter 3318  Bad Habits don’t Die (Part 3)
 
 "Enough." Lith stood between the two Magi. "Ripha is acting like a jerk but you aren't any better, Silverwing. You two are ruining the celebration for Solus' return and my unborn son. 
 "Ripha has been dead for centuries, what's your excuse?" Menadion didn't like being called by her first name by him but she shut up anyway. 
 "Don't mind them." Leegaain Warped everyone out of the tower. "Neither of them has an excuse for their rude behavior. They were like this even back in the day. Leria and Aran are amateurs in comparison." 
 "Hey!" The two kids said in unison. 
 "Really?" Solus asked. 
 "Really." Salaark replied. "Ripha and Lochra could talk about anything like friends and live like sisters for years. Yet the moment magic was involved, they turned every argument into a measuring contest." 
 "Sally!" It was Menadion's turn to blush up to her ears. "You're embarrassing me in front of my daughter!" 
 "Sally?" Sinmara, Surtr, Leegaain, and the Ernas girls laughed. 
 "Don't call me Sally!" Salaark tried to look fearsome, but under Elysia's innocent gaze, a scowl was the best the Overlord could summon without scaring the baby girl. "You're embarrassing me in front of my Featherlings!" 
 "Can we call you Sally, Grandma? It's getting confusing here." Leria pulled Salaark's skirt while pointing at her, Menadion, and Elina. 
 Before Ripha could argue that she had never allowed Rena's daughter to consider her like a grandmother, Solus grabbed Ripha's wrist. She gave her mother a withering glare that carried the coldness of winter, shutting Menadion up for good. 
 "Of course you can, sweetie." The Overlord caressed Leria's golden hair. "But I'd rather you not, especially in the presence of strangers. Grandma has an important role and has to look cool." 
 "But you are the coolest, Grandma Sally!" Aran said, making Salaark's left eye twitch in annoyance. 
 "Thank you, dear." She kissed the boy's forehead while gesturing to Ripha that she'd pay for that later. 
 "Zoreth, Bytra, before you leave, there's one last thing you need to know." A snap of Lith's fingers turned the Greenhouse's walls transparent. 
 At its current level, the tower was much taller than Bloodhaven, at least while its chicken legs were hidden under the floor, but reached about three-quarters of Silverspire's height. 
 "Invisible walls, cool." Xenagrosh politely feigned to be impressed. 
 "Not that!" A second finger snap Warped the tower in the northern side of the Kingdom. 
 "This is the Kellar region. I've served here as a ranger." Lith waved at the tall mountains covered in perennial snow and the starry sky. 
 A third finger snap moved the tower to the Gorgon Empire, where a thin red string at the horizon was the last remnant of the setting sun. 
 "This is the Drakana Region. Here Valtak trained Tista and me in the use of Origin Flames." The Valley of Life was visible in the distance, tall plumes of volcanic smog slowly rising to the sky and forming low toxic clouds. 
 "This… this is impossible." Zoreth didn't need to pretend to be impressed anymore. "We crossed thousands of kilometers in an instant. We-" 
 A fourth finger snap and the tower appeared in the middle of a plain, the sun already high in the sky. The climate was quite cold even though it was supposed to be summer in Garlen. 
 "Are in Jiera now." Lith completed the phrase for her. "I don't know what this place is called, only that it's part of the Beast Empire and is located in the south." 
 "How is this possible?" Bytra was flabbergasted. 
 "We call it Tower Warp." Solus replied. "As long as we have visited a mana geyser at least once, we can return there any time. If you ever need our help, know that we can reach you quickly, no matter where you are." 
 "A geyser?" Zoreth pondered. "Is this how you moved in and out of Verendi without a Gate?" 
 "Correct." Lith nodded. "I wanted to share this with you so that we can help each other better in the future. I haven't access to all mana geysers on Mogar, but I'm confident on reaching most places on Garlen in less than a minute." 
 "How come you didn't tell any of your apprentices and friends about this, Ripha?" Bytra asked. 
 "What do you think?" The First Ruler of the Flames threw Lith a disgruntled glance. "Security reasons. Everyone knew about the tower and once its position was exposed, there was no telling who or what might try to take it from me." 
 Her eyes moved to Bytra but there was no blame or judgment, Ripha was just proving her point. A painful point that made the Fourth Ruler of the Flames avert her gaze in shame. 
 "By letting people think I could only shrink the tower and carry it in my pocket, they would keep looking for me in the same area long after I moved away. It was one of my most prized secrets. Too bad Lith keeps throwing it away like trash." She sighed. 
 "Prized and dumb!" Lochra felt weird defending Lith but she decided enough was enough. "I searched the area where the tower was supposed to be for months after your disappearance. 
 "I've spent years exploring the neighboring regions, looking for you, Elphyn, or the tower. Had I known of this 'Tower Warp' I would have gone back to Lutia and Epphy wouldn't have starved!" 
 "I couldn't have said it better." Baba Yaga glared at Ripha. 
 She had wished for centuries to meet her old friend and hug her, yet all the Red Mother could think about now was to punch Menadion in the nose. 
 'If only she still had one. If only.' Baba Yaga inwardly cursed. 
 "I'm sorry." Ripha gave them and Lith a deep bow. "You are right and I'm wrong. It was my foolishness that brought us to this point and the tower now belongs to Ep-Solus. Every secret it has is for her to hide or share, not me." 
 "Thanks, Mom." Solus said. 
 "For what is worth, keeping the Tower Warp a secret saved Solus from my Original." Bytra said. "She knew about Ripha's old house but never looked there because the tower was supposed to be fixed in the position Ripha left it." 
 Being defended by someone with the face of her murderer felt even weirder than Lochra defending Lith, but Menadion was grateful for those words nevertheless. 
 "I'm not saying Ripha was dumb for hiding the truth from the world." Baba Yaga shook her head. "I'm saying Ripha was dumb for hiding the truth from her friends! Lith hasn't made the Tower Warp public knowledge, he only shared it with those who care for him and Solus. 
 "Just like you should have, Ripha." The Red Mother crossed her arms, shaking her head in disappointment. 
 "Again, I'm sorry. I should have trusted you and Lochra more." Menadion raised her hands in surrender. "Now let's change the subject. You are spoiling the mood with your constant scolding." 
 "And you with your nagging!" Lochra retorted. 
 "Guys, I would love to see you two fight but I just came back home after a bloody fight." Lith stepped between the two women again. "If you don't mind, I'd like to spend a bit of time with my family in peace."