Chapter 3323 Leap of Faith (Part 2)
 
Solus knew that her mother would be alright, but seeing her disappear was almost like losing her again,
 
"Silly child, I've already given you my word." Menadion said while caressing Solus' hair.
 
Her daughter's warmth and tears made it incredibly hard for Ripha to let go of Solus but they also gave her the strength to let go of herself.
 
Menadion's shadow body faded away, leaving behind only a sliver of darkness that seeped inside the runed feather.
 
The Anvil fell to the ground with a metal clang and split into the four pieces of the Apprentice Set plus the makeshift Fury.
 
"No offense, Solus, but your mother is... intense." Raaz said, trying to be polite.
 
"I know, and I'm sorry!" Solus sighed. "I swear she wasn't like that. At least in the memories I've recovered."
 
"Don't worry, Solus. Your mother was the kindest and gentlest person I've ever known." Silverwing said. "Just try to remember that she was betrayed and almost lost her mind after finding your corpse.
 
"Ripha too was killed by Bytra and has spent the last seven hundred years in a restless vengeful fury. You have had months and the help of your loving family to deal with your trauma whereas she was alone all this time.
 
"I'm not justifying her awful behavior or words but I think we should still cut her some slack,"
 
"I agree with Lochra" Baba Yaga nodded. "There's no telling the emotional scarring your mother bears, Solus. Yet I'm certain the old Ripha is still there, buried under all that pain.
 
"If you want to dig her out, you need to be patient and compassionate, Solus. You all need to."
 
"Wait, if you two think her condition is that bad, why did you take her head-on when you argued?"
 
"Because they know your mother, Solus, and wanted to make her feel like the old times. Like Ripha is still the person they respect and not a victim they pity." Raaz said. "That's how you guys rescued me from my personal hell after Meln broke me."
 
"Your father is right, dear." Elina handed Surin to Raaz, bringing light to the darkness she knew still plagued his mind. "Your mother needs a gentle touch but also a firm hand. Don't be afraid to stand up to her when necessary."
 
"It's not that easy, Mom!" Solus wrung her hand so hard they turned white. "She died for me. She did crazy things for me even though I always treated her like sh-ot and was a terrible daughter.
 
"I feel so guilty for all the things I did to her and those I didn't say out of pride. I want to apologize. To let her know how sorry I am and that I've changed, yet I'm also afraid of adding my pain to her own. I don't want to make M-Ripha feel worse."
 
"Give her time, Solus. Give yourself time." Elina hugged Solus from behind. "And don't worry. You can call me Elina from now on. Ripha is your birth mother and deserves you to call her mom."
 
"And so do you!" Solus turned around. "Even though you couldn't see me, you've raised me with Lith for fourteen years. After I got my human body back and Lith finally introduced me to his family, you've been a mother to me."
 
"Your family, sweetie." Elina kissed the top of Solus' head. "And thank you."
 
"I think we should all follow Ripha's example and go to sleep." Rena said. "This has been a long day. The sun may still be high but I feel exhausted."
 
"Excellent idea." Lith handed Elysia to Solus. "She missed you a lot and you two need to make up for the lost time."
 
"Masa!" the baby girl said in approval, clinging to Solus with her claws and talons while biting her hair.
 
"Don't worry, I've already stored plenty of milk bottles in the pocket dimension and checked that cloth diapers and Elysia's favorite books are still there." He said. "If you need anything, don't hesitate to ask Mom for help."
 
"Masa!" Elysia sniffed Solus and wrapped herself in Solus' long hair before sucking a thick lock with delight.
 
"You son of a-" Solus cursed with a whisper and a smile on her face to not upset the baby. "You are setting me up to be your babysitter!"
 
"Not really." Lith shrugged. "Elysia did miss you and with everything you went through, you need company. I'm just killing two birds with one baby. Or rather, two." He handed her Valeron the Second as well.
 
"Sol!" The baby boy's face lit up with a smile upon seeing her.
 
"That's right, sweetie! I can't believe you've almost got my full name." Valeron clung to her with desperation, as if he hadn't seen her for months instead of days. "Fine, I'm not kicking your butt only because they are too cute."
 
"Hey, you got captured but I got killed." Lith snorted with mock indignance. "I got back only two days before you did and spent them planning your rescue. You owe me." "About that, are you sure you don't want me to return inside the Void Sigil?" Trion asked. "You are very weak and keeping Demons active takes a toll on you."
 
"Only if I have to give them a body and fuel their cores." Lith replied. "Unless you plan to go out and fight to the death, you and the others can stay. The boost. I get from the tower makes the mana expenditure insignificant."
 
"Thank you, my liege." Locrias and the other two Demons gave Lith a deep bow and called their families still residing in Lutia.
 
Moving them to the Desert was a matter of moments thanks to the Warp Gate in the barn.
 
Everyone went inside their respective rooms in the living quarters of the tower. Their respective soundproof and isolated bedrooms.
 
"We can finally relax!" Kamila plopped down on the bed, sighing in relief. "First you were gone, then Solus. These last few days have been a nightmare"
 
"You're telling me?" Lith scoffed, putting on his pajamas one leg at a time. With the Voidwalker armor still under repair, he had to dress like anyone else and it pissed Lith off. "I was the one beheaded and with the amnesia.
 
"I went to the Fringe to fight a big ass wooden nutjob. Pun intended. You just waited
 
here"
 
"I see Menadion isn't the only cranky one." Kamila scoffed back, "Do I need to remind you who saved you from your crazy old self?"
 
"You're right. I'm sorry. I guess I need a good nap too." Lith joined her on the bed, his head pounding like a drum.
 
"A nap?" Kamila was flabbergasted. "After being separated for so long? Don't get me wrong, I already love our baby boy. Yet that night we were so worried about everything that could go wrong with the mission that there was less passion in the room than at a funeral."
 
"Please, don't remind me of that." Lith sighed. "When he's born, we have to spin it so that it sounds like he was conceived out of our love, not as a weapon of mass
 
destruction."
 
"Agreed, that's why I propose a do-over!" Kamila said with a sultry voice, her Voidfeather armor shapeshifting into a sexy cherry-red lingerie that covered only the important bits.