Chapter 3324 Second First Impression (Part 1)
 
"The kids are already settled with Solus, so we don't have to worry either of them barges in while..." A sudden, baritonal snoring sunk Kamila's plans like a deep charge. "Son of a-" She cursed with a whisper to not wake him up. "Fine, I'm not kicking your ass only because it's too cute. Also mine. Never forget it.
 
She tucked Lith in with care and kissed his forehead, making sure with Invigoration he was alright.
 
Then, she changed into a sexier outfit and put one drop of his favorite perfume on her breasts, navel, and back of her head before going to fix her hair in his favorite do.
 
"When you wake up, I'll be the busy one. I'll make you regret snoring on me."
 
***
 
"What the fuck?" About eight hours later, Lith woke up full of energy and went from zero to fully aroused in half a second.
 
"Good morning, sleepyhead." Kamila pretended not to notice and gave him a long passionate kiss. "Let's go. You promised Menadion you would wake her up before dinner. Solus must be hungry and eager to share another meal with her mother. "Especially if Menadion is in a better mood." As she talked, the outfit shapeshifted into a bland day dress and she pulled her hair up in a ponytail.
 
"First, we'd better get used to calling her Ripha. Menadion is too formal. Second, you're doing this on purpose!"
 
"I agree, and yes, I'm that petty." Kamila giggled while staring at the tent pitched under the blankets. "At least someone in this room is happy to see me."
 
"Petty and mean." He grumbled, wasting even more time to take off his pajamas and wear a semi-formal suit. "What am I supposed to do about this?"
 
"Hold that thought for tonight. You might get lucky." She kissed him. "Seriously, maybe take a cold shower. You don't want to meet Ripha like that. It would send the wrong message."
 
"Can't I get a little help?" Lith trapped her in her arms and returned the kiss.
 
"I can do that. But are you willing to stop in five minutes? If we get late, people will start knocking on our door." Kamila said with a moan and an impish smile on her face. "I hate you." Lith dropped her on the floor like a bad habit and ran into the bathroom. "I hate you too!" She chuckled while massaging her sore butt. "By the way, I think that after all this time, the Voidwalker armor and Ragnarök should be fine. Why don't you retrieve them if you hate normal clothes so much?"
 
"True, but the Voidwalker armor's coating still has a long way to go before it's refined
 
into Davross." Lith yelled through the closed door and above the noise of running water. "Right now, it's just an alloy and with everything that's happened, a little discomfort is a small price to pay to make up for the lost time.
 
"The Dragon bones, skin, and scales have reached the bright violet size and hardness, true, but those of a youngling. Dragons get stronger with age. Valtak's scales could withstand hits that would shatter mine."
 
"Makes sense." Kamila yelled back, taking the Camellia out of its crystal vase and renewing its imprint. "I'm really curious to see how much of a cheat the tower is. Can you imagine if it can bring the organic parts of your armor to the white core level?"
 
"Sounds too good to be true so it probably is." The bathroom door opened and Lith walked out while putting his shirt on. "We can ask Ripha, though. She died just a few years after crafting her tower but still much longer than I have it."
 
"Good idea." Kamila fixed his collar and straightened the shirt on his shoulders. "What about Ragnarök?"
 
"That poor thing?" Lith sighed in a guilty voice. "I think he deserves a vacation. First, he had to endure all the Chaos flowing through my Abomination body to keep me alive and once I entered the Fringe, he got broken more times than I can count.
 
"The Spark can't enhance Ragnarök further, but staying there should be akin to a spa day to him."
 
"More like torture." Kamila took Lith's face in her hands, caressing his cheeks with her thumbs. "As I see it, Ragnarök is not much different from a dog. He loves you unconditionally, listens to your orders, and is protective of your family.
 
"I bet he thinks you are punishing him by leaving him alone in the darkness." "Shit." Lith extended his arm and Ragnarök appeared in his hand by jumping in and out of the pocket dimension.
 
The whimpering blade was fully restored and its scabbard so brilliant and clear that it looked cut out of a single giant ruby. The latches and seals emitted a sound that reminded Lith of an excited puppy.
 
"I'm sorry, little guy. Sometimes my brain just stops working." To apologize Lith spilled one drop of his blood, filling the blade with new power and covering the scabbard with runes visible to the naked eye.
 
"Sometimes?" Kamila chuckled. "You are in the tower, with the Workshop and the Factory fully operational. Why didn't you make yourself a tower-made Voidwalker
 
armor?"
 
"I hadn't thought of that." A mental command turned Kamila's suggestion into reality. "Why didn't you suggest it sooner?"
 
A blot of living mercury covered Lith from head to toe before absorbing his current
 
clothes and chanachifting to racamhla their farm
 
"And miss a little strip tease?" She said in mock outrage. "Who's a good boy?"
 
She caressed the scabbard, making Ragnarök's latches wag excitedly.
 
"Me! Me!" The happy blade said.
 
"Yes, you are!" Kamila neared the scabbard to Lith's waist and the blade clung to it by forming a belt. "A spa day, huh?"
 
"I stand corrected." Lith put his hand on the pommel of the sword, feeling its power core hum with joy. "I'm conjuring Ripha."
 
"Take out a few clothes first." She said.
 
"Kami, in their base form Demons are featureless, just like Solus was in her energy
 
for-"
 
"And just like Solus, I'm sure she wouldn't like being seen like that anyway."
 
'Kami never acted this way with Valia. Is she being protective because Ripha is Solus' mother or jealous because they have a very similar body shape?" Lith thought.
 
'Second one. It's the second!' Ragnarök replied like it was a pop quiz.
 
"I guess you are right." Lith conjured a tower-made Skinwalker armor and had it cover Menadion as her Demon form manifested.
 
Even though they were in a safe place, Lith gave her seven eyes anyway.
 
'She doesn't like me much and I bet feeling helpless would just make things worse.' He thought and he was right.
 
Ripha opened her eyes abruptly with a gasp, as if she had jolted awake from a
 
nightmare.
 
Her eyes misted with tears of seven different colors before she remembered where and when she was.
 
"Thanks for keeping your promise." She said while shapeshifting the armor in a day dress and her form into human. "And for the clothes. Featureless or not, it doesn't take
 
a vivid imagination to fill the blanks on my body."
 
"You're welcome." Lith wanted to give Kamila credit for such thoughtfulness but it was clear from her slight shake of the head that she wanted things to stay that way.