Chapter 3325 Second First Impression (Part 2)
 
'Sorry. Wrong.'Ragnarök whimpered.
 
'You and me both, little guy.' Lith caressed the hilt. 'Kami is just trying to help me make a good impression on Ripha.'
 
"Do you mind if I use the bathroom for a second?" Menadion asked.
 
"Be my guest." Lith expected Kamila to say something but she remained silent on the sidelines.
 
"Thanks. Much appreciated." Ripha got inside without closing the door, washing her face with cold water until all traces of her dreams slipped away. "You did a good job. The toilet, the faucets, and even this weird butt-cleaning device are much better than those I designed back then."
 
If not for the years spent as a soul hoovering around Solus, the sight of a bidet would have confused her.
 
"Thanks, but to be honest it's not my idea. I just copied them." Lith looked at Kamila who nodded.
 
"Like the rest." Menadion dabbed the water from her face and arms with a towel. "Damn, on your planet there must be lots of powerful and brilliant mages."
 
"You know?" Lith was flabbergasted, suddenly having a much clearer explanation for Menadion's dislike of him.
 
"Only what you said out loud, Derek McCoy." Ripha said with a sly smile. "Come on, let's go meet Epphy. I miss her already."
 
"Solus." Kamila said.
 
"Dammit, you're right. Solus. This might take a while to get used to." Ripha cursed her old habits and walked out the bedroom door.
 
'You knew she knew?' Lith asked Kamila via a mind link.
 
'I suspected it.' She replied. 'Have you forgotten how many times we've talked about your past?"
 
'Actually, yes.'
 
'Gods, you would be lost without me. Or Solus. Now be patient and remind yourself that to Ripha you are the jerk who is two-timing her daughter.'
 
I'm not- I see your point.' Lith inwardly sighed.
 
"Hi, Mom." Solus looked well rested while her clothes looked out of a battlefield "Guys, thank the gods you're here. I've run out of bottles and they are still hungry."
 
The babies shapeshifted into their Divine Beast form to follow Solus around and
 
screamed their needs in her ears. As soon as they saw Menadion, they jumped in her arms and pulled at her clothes.
 
She had Solus' body type and a voluptuous chest, which made the babies all the more disappointed when they sniffed another sad case of the "dry well".
 
"What perverted little imps." Ripha chuckled while holding them in her arms. "You should start weaning Elysia, Kamila. She's old enough and I doubt you can keep up with two babies anymore."
 
"I couldn't do it from the start if Valeron hadn't come to has partially weaned already." Kamila said while fixing them a meal. "Maybe it's because they are hybrids, but they eat a lot."
 
"How are you doing Mom?" Solus glanced at Kamila with an equal mix of relief and envy. "Do you feel better?"
 
"Compared to yesterday, yes, but I'm afraid my head is still quite up my ass." Menadion rubbed the bridge of her nose. "Out of curiosity, do you have any influence on the dreams of your Demons, Lith?"
 
"I have no idea what they see and I've never asked them." He replied. "Feel free to check with the others if you don't believe me."
 
"It's what I thought." Menadion groaned. "For once I hoped I was wrong"
 
"What do you mean, Mom?" Solus asked in confusion.
 
"Later, sweetie. Let's go eat." Ripha turned to Kamila. "Do you need a hand with them?" "Need, no, but I always appreciate the help," Kamila handed Elysia to Ripha.
 
The First Ruler of the Flames burped the baby who regurgitated part of her meal, but the sneak attack found Ripha prepared. A water spell blocked the liquid mid-air and a pulse of darkness magic destroyed it.
 
"Wow, you're good." Kamila said.
 
"I had lots of practice." Menadion cooed at the baby who cooed back. "Back in my day clothes didn't self-clean and E- Solus was a glutton as well. She ruined my best worst clothes before I got the hang of it."
 
"Mom!" Solus blushed. "No 'funny stories' about my childhood please. Also, best worst clothes?"
 
"You know, those baggy, horrible clothes you wouldn't be caught dead wearing them out of your house but that are also so comfortable that you'd never take them off." Menadion replied. "I stained and washed them more times than I can count, but in the end the stench of baby vomit ruined them for me."
 
"Mom!" Solus blushed harder.
 
"I know what you mean." Kamila chuckled.
 
"You do?" Lith asked.
 
"Well, yeah. I too have my best worst clothes."
 
"Why have I never seen them?"
 
"Because I wear them only when you aren't home." Kamila shrugged. "I don't stay dolled up at home but I won't let you see me like a slob either. A woman must keep the spark alive. Especially when her husband dresses sharp even to go to the toilet."
 
The last part sounded more accusatory than proudful.
 
Thanks to the Voidwalker armor and his military-strict personal hygiene, it was impossible to say when Lith was going to meet the Royals or just to help Raaz feed the animals.
 
"Preach." Menadion nodded. "Do you mind if I use your bathroom later, Solus? I haven't taken a hot bath in seven hundred years and no matter how silly it sounds, I feel dirty
 
and sweaty."
 
"Of course, Mom" Solus nodded. "We can do better, though. We can make a room all
 
for yourself"
 
"I'd rather have a roommate." Ripha lowered her gaze in embarrassment while fiddling with her hair. "I also haven't left your side in seven hundred years. I'm terrified of being alone all of a sudden."
 
"Mom, you should have told me sooner!" Solus hugged Menadion tight. "But you must go back to sleep inside your Void Sigil every night, okay? I want you to put yourself first. It's another thing you haven't done in seven hundred years."
 
"I will." Ripha nodded. "Now, let's go eat."
 
When they reached the dining hall, the sun had already set for a while and a chill
 
breeze came from the windows cut into the enchanted fabric of the walls. Salaark had given the room a glass ceiling to enjoy the sight of the moon and stars and a glass wall facing the open desert for ambiance.
 
The Verhens were already there and so were Silverwing and Baba Yaga. The two white cores stood up to welcome and hug the First Ruler of the Flames.
 
"Ripha, it's so good to have you back." Lochra said with a sniffle.
 
"It's good to be back, Loka." Menadion chuckled.
 
"You remember that silly nickname even after all these years!"
 
"It's hard to forget." Ripha's left eye twitched for a second as the visions of her dreams
 
flashed in front of her eyes.
 
"I see you have lost a part of your edge." The Mother held Menadion's hands while studying her condition with Sun and Moon, "I think you owe us all an apology."
 
"You're right." Rinha nodded. "Ladies. gentlemen, and Sally..."
 
"You daughter of a-" Salaark had much to say but the kids' cheers at her moniker shut
 
her up.
 
"I'm sorry for behaving like a rude jerk, yesterday. Allow me to introduce myself again."