Chapter 3326 Second First Impression (Part 3)
 
"I'm Ripha Menadion, wife of Threin, mother of Solus, First Ruler of the Flames, and an honorary member of the Verhen family due to Sally's deception." She gave them a deep, perfect curtsy.
 
"I want to thank you all for taking such good care of my daughter and accepting her into your family. Among the many tragedies that my stupidity brought into her life, your love has been a ray of light I could only dream of."
 
While Lith put the babies in the crib with Surin and Shargein, Ripha approached the table.
 
"Raaz, Elina, thank you. After everything Epphy lost, you gave her a place to belong. She has more happy memories of you two than of me and my husband, which made me jealous and angry yesterday." Menadion lowered her eyes in shame and her pain was so apparent that Solus overlooked her mistake.
 
"It was petty of me and Ep- Solus is lucky to call you mom and dad."
 
"Don't say that, lady Menadion." Elina stood up. "I know only what Solus told me, but from her words and you being here now I can tell that you did everything you could for her. Both in life and death.
 
"You gave birth to her twice and you deserve to be called mom."
 
"I'm with Elina." Raaz nodded. "We've taken care of Solus for the past three years but we can't take much credit for the wonderful woman she's grown into. Our son did most of the job until she regained her human body."
 
"I know." Gratefulness and sadness fought for dominance in her voice.
 
"I ask you only one thing, lady Menadion." Raaz continued. "I'll be honored if Solus keeps calling me dad, but for the love of the gods, she can't call you mom in the presence of strangers." Those words hurt and confused Solus in equal measure. At least until she heard the rest.
 
"I'm sorry, but I'm afraid if people hear Solus calling you mom and me dad in public, there would be another huge misunderstanding" He scratched his head in embarrassment and Elina gaped in horror.
 
"My poor son is already victim of vicious rumors about the paternity of Shargein..." Salaark chuckled and Leegaain snorted. "And the origins of the little Valeron. I don't want Solus and my wife to be subjected to more slander."
 
The most popular theories claimed that Valeron's mother was either the blond maid of house Verhen or Solus. Lith couldn't reveal that the baby boy was the son of Thrud Griffon and Jormun.
 
The official version was that Valeron was the son of a dead Wyrm who had entrusted
 
the baby to Lith, which was true yet no one believed it.
 
"You're very thoughtful, Raaz" Ripha laughed at the idea. "You look nothing like Threin but I guess the people of Lutia would be too dazzled by the juicy gossip to care about the truth.
 
"After all, if like father like son, why not like mother like daughter? Don't worry, I promise I will be careful. In exchange, I ask for only one thing from you and Elina. No more lady Menadion and just call me Ripha. Solus?"
 
"I'll be twice as careful, Dad." Solus shuddered at the idea. "I don't know you guys, but I'm starving"
 
She sat at the table, hoping for someone, anyone to change the topic.
 
"With everything that happened yesterday, I missed the opportunity to congratulate you on your son, Sally. He's adorable." Menadion said, trying to ease things up with the Guardian.
 
"Yes, he is." Salaark snorted. "Also, don't call me Sally."
 
The Wyrmling was enjoying a T-bone steak that he chomped down in vigorous bites, even the bones.
 
"Fine, Salaark." Ripha rolled her eyes. "It's a bit embarrassing to say, but even though I never left, I know nothing about modern times that hasn't been discussed in Solus' presence or experienced by her. I need a serious catch-up, especially on magic."
 
"Mom! We went to the White Griffon academy and received lessons about Light Mastery by a legendary Rezar himself." Solus didn't bother to hide her annoyance. "We even created a new branch of magic."
 
"And I'm proud of you for all that, dear." Ripha nodded. "Your Void Magic is truly innovative, but also incomplete. As for the rest, no offense, but you guys are still... amateurish."
 
"We can't compare to Silverwing or the Guardians, I can concede that." Lith nodded. "But since, as you say, we are amateurs, Ripha, you could instruct us on the new functions of the tower and how to use all the four pieces of your Set to their full potential."
 
"It would be my pleasure." Ripha ate with the poise of a queen and the gusto of a starving man.
 
One good meal wasn't enough to dull the delight of good food after seven hundred years without smelling or tasting anything. On top of that, the previous day Menadion was still high-strung whereas now she could actually enjoy her meal.
 
Salaark, Leegaain, Silverwing, and Baba Yaga stared at the First Ruler of the Flames in amazement.
 
"Since when do you eat like a lady?" The First Magus asked. "I remember you always
 
wolfed down your food in a hurry to go back to work."
 
"Lochra!" Menadion found herself walking a mile in Solus' shoes and blushed just as hard.
 
"She's probably trying to make a good first impression since they don't know her at all." Baba Yaga laughed.
 
"Yaga!" Being caught red-handed only made matters worse.
 
"Really?" Solus asked. "I don't remember any of that. What was Mom like? Outside of the Forge, I mean."
 
"Epphy, if you ask them about me, I'll tell them about you!" Ripha was already dead or she would have died of embarrassment here and there.
 
"Never mind." Solus winked at Lochra with a gesture that meant. "We'll continue this
 
later".
 
"I'll gladly help you, Ripha." Baba Yaga nodded. "I won't teach you my secrets but bringing you up to speed is no problem. Lochra?"
 
"Sure, you can count on me too. I would love to spend some time reminiscing about
 
our youth."
 
"Leave me out of it." Salaark snorted. "You have already gotten Creation Magic lessons from me without my knowledge or consent. And don't get me started on whatever you gained from your Thievery!"
 
"I'm sorry" Menadion tried her best to act regretful, but she wasn't one bit. "I'll make it up to you, I promise."
 
An awkward silence befell the room as Solus felt responsible for exposing the secret floors of the tower and ruining the opinion the Overlord had of her mother.
 
"I was thinking, we should get back to Lutia." Elina said. "No one can attack Kami in the Blood Desert and Ripha needs to get accustomed to the neighbourhood. Also, she needs to set the grounds for a good cover story that keeps people from thinking she has an affair with Raaz."
 
"You are right about Lutia, Mom, but the moment we return to the Kingdom I'll be summoned by the Royals. After that, I have to apologize and compensate the people I
 
hurt while I was amnesiac.
 
"I can use a bit of rest and quiet before I delve in the usual storm."
 
"I'm sorry, dear. I hadn't thought of that." Elina said.