Chapter 3331 Surprise Gift (Part 2)


Falco, Teryon, and Nessa surrounded Leegaain from three sides, their voices mixed in a gestalt as they clung to his legs.


"Yesterday you said you have prepared a hoard for Elysia. Where is ours? Can we see it? When will we receive it?"


"Treasure!" Aran and Leria stopped bickering and their eyes lit up with excitement. "That's right, Grampa Leegaain. What about us? Do we get a hoard too?"


The words "treasure" and "hoard" made Shargein chirp in annoyance. The Wyrmling bit his father's ear, demanding his due.


"Calm down, kids. You-" The words about everyone but Shargein and Valeron the Second not being a real Dragon and getting nothing died in his throat as they formed in his


mind.


The parents looked at Leegaain in a silent plea whereas the other two Guardians glared at him in a not-so-veiled threat.


'I guess that if I make the children cry again and give them an inferiority complex due to my alleged favoritism, I will get in trouble.' The Father of all Dragons inwardly sighed.


"You'll get your hoard when you grow up, just like Elysia." He continued after an imperceptible pause. "Babies can choke on coins while Shargein, you would just eat them!"


The Wyrmling licked his lips, confirming the Guardian's worries.


"What about us, Grampa?" Aran pointed at himself and Leria. "We are six years old already. We are not like these runts."


"Hey!" The triplets didn't like being insulted. "We are old enough to use the potty by ourselves!"


"You are still too young." Leegaain nipped the bickering in the bud. "Gold brings only trouble to those who can't protect it or spend it wisely. I can entrust your hoards to your parents if you want. They'll decide when you get them."


"No!" Aran and Leria weren't as coordinated as the triplets, but they were still impressive. "I mean, I trust my parents but I trust your judgment more."


"Can we at least see them?" The triplets asked.


"Sure." A wave of Leegaain's hand and a painful withdrawal from his personal stash conjured eight piles of gold, gems, and small artifacts as tall as Aran. Five more than the Father of All Dragons had originally accounted for.


"Can we touch them?" The kids asked in unison. "We want to count the coins!"


"Gods, no!" Much to everyone's surprise it was Rena talking. "Put everything away, Grandpa, or you'll awaken their Dragon greed or worse."


"They are so cute." Even more to everyone's surprise, Leegaain seemed delighted at the idea. "But sure, Hatchling. Your whelps, your rules."


Another wave of his hand made the gold piles disappear and turned Rena in the bad guy. "Mom, you are mean!" Leria and the triplets said.


"Mom, help me! Rena is bullying me!" Aran ran to Elina who had no idea what to do.


Once the situation calmed down enough, Lith and Solus resumed their story until the point they left the Fringe.


"Then we took a Gate to the Blood Desert and you know the rest." Solus said.


"That's... quite an adventure." Elina had a hard time trying to express her worries without scaring the kids again. "Are you sure you feel alright now, Solus?"


"More than okay, Mom. She replied. "I'm getting stronger by the hour,"


"That's not what I'm worried about." Elina exploited a moment when the children were back pestering Rena about their hoards to speak openly. "I can't even think what the World Tree might have done while you were his prisoner.


"I know talking about it must be hard for you but holding everything in would be even worse. What I'm trying to say is that if you ever feel the need to vent your feelings, we are all here for you."


"Thanks, Mom." Solus hugged her. "I will."


To stop the bickering from escalating again, Lith prepared hot chocolate and oven-fresh biscuits for everyone. With their mouths full, the kids couldn't argue. With their stomachs full, they felt at peace with Mogar and forgot about Rena robbing them of their treasure.


"Thanks for the rescue, lil bro." Rena said.


"Anytime." Lith patted her shoulder. "Mom, can we talk for a second?"


He went over to Elina, conjuring a Hush Zone so as not to be overheard.


Kamila could see Elina nod and answer briefly from time to time, but that was it.


Once Lith was done, he disappeared along with the Hush Zone.


"Where did he go?" Kamila asked.


"I don't know." Elina lied and Kamila pretended to believe her. "Give me a hand putting all these rascals to bed."


The children were slumped in different parts of the Family Hall, sleeping.


Aran and Leria lay on top of their respective Emperor Beasts, the triplets were huddled up under blankets, and the babies formed a squishy, drooling scale armor all over Leegaain.


"If you want, I would be happy to take care of Elysia and Valeron for you tonight." Elina said, trying to sound casual. "You and Lith must have been exhausted yesterday and


today you haven't spent a minute alone.


"I'm worried about him too. Lith went through a lot and needs someone to talk to as well.


"Thank you, Elina." Kamila barely managed to repress a chuckle. "I don't know what we would do without your help."


After putting the babies in the crib and preparing enough bottles for the night. Kamila let Elina engage her in small talk until Lith returned.


"Good night, Mom, and thank you for your help with the babies. I need a good night's sleep to recover." Lith sounded and yawned so convincingly that it irked Kamila. 'If I didn't know him any better, I'd fall for his lies!' She inwardly grumbled. "Why all the secrecy?" She asked once they were back inside the tower and out of earshot. "I'm the one who told you to hold that thought until tonight. I know what is going to happen because I made all the arrangements."


"Did you?" Lith asked with a confused look on his face as he opened the door to their bedroom.


"Oh gods!" Candles positioned at the four corners of the room and the bed were the only


source of light.


Red rose's petals formed a path toward the bed that was covered in Moonroses' petals.


One bouquet of flowers and one tall candle stood on each bedstand, spreading their light.


and sweet scent.


"This is so romantic, you shouldn't have-" Kamila heard the door closing and turned around, discovering the next surprise.


"Kamila Verhen, will you give me another baby?" Lith was kneeling in front of her,


wearing his lucky clothes.


The same red shirt and white pants he had worn for their first date in Belius at the


Velorian.


Lith was offering her the Camellia, the same cheap enchanted trinket he had gifted her for their second date and that she had given back to him as betrothal gift when she had


proposed.


Kamila knew the mystical flower like the back of her hand so she didn't miss the changes in the artifact. The green stem now branched halfway into two buds.


One had just a few short petals visible past the calyx while the other was already out and had just started to bloom.