Chapter 3353  Heated Debate (Part 2)
 
 
 Only after Lith tried and failed did the group resume its advance. 
 "Don't groan like that." Kamila said, prompting a louder groan from the kids. "Solus and I have no wings either yet no one thinks less of us for that." 
 "But at least Aunt Solus is so pretty!" Leria whined. 
 "And you are big brother's wife!" Aran grumbled. "We have nothing but the Verhen name." 
 Kamila liked being reduced to being Lith's plus one even less than Solus did being valued only for her appearance. Yet they both smiled and sucked it up, knowing the children meant no offense. 
 "About that, remember not to mention you-know-who." Kamila patted her womb. 
 "We won't. You can count on us, Aunt Kami." The children's frown disappeared, replaced by a resolute expression. 
 They considered protecting Lith's secret to be an important mission that gave them purpose. 
 A long line had formed in front of the entrance as the Wyrms appointed as guards checked the identity of the guests before letting them in. Yet Dragons only had to take a look at the life force to confirm one's draconic nature and the patriarchs vouched for their retinue. 
 Lith and the others wouldn't have to wait for long since the Dragons stopped only for an instant before a group was granted entry.  During that time, Lith noticed several Wyrms staring, whispering, and pointing fingers at him. 
 There was no malice in their countenance but no warmth either. 
 "Welcome to you all." Erghak approached them when it came to their turn to be inspected by the guards. "I hope you didn't have too much trouble finding this place. Also, I can see you took my advice to the letter. Those dresses are worthy of the court of a king." 
 The Fire Dragon gave the ladies a polite bow. 
 Kamila wore a deep emerald evening dress with a parure of enchanted Camellias while Solus a deep blue evening dress with a tiara, necklace, and earrings decorated with elemental bellflowers. 
 "Thank you." Kamila replied with a curtsy. "We went for deep colors not to look festive. Is it enough or would it be more appropriate for us to change into something less flashy?" 
 Tista, instead, wore a deep red dress embroidered with small rubies, matching the color of her wings and auburn hair. Her gold parure projected flaming violet roses the same color as her Origin Flames. 
 "Thank you." Kamila replied with a curtsy. "We went for deep colors not to look festive. Is it enough or would it be more appropriate for us to change into something less flashy?" 
 "It's more than enough. Look a me." Erghak looked like a tall, handsome man in his mid-twenties, with flaming red hair and eyes. 
 He wore an Adamant-embroidered crimson suit with buttons carved out of elemental crystals. The silvery gloves on his hands ended with dull claws and had elemental gemstones studded on the knuckles. 
 Unlike the rest of the Wyrms, only his vertical slitted eyes and his wings betrayed his draconic nature. 
 "You look amazing, Erghak." Solus said. "Worthy of the Royal Court. Except I doubt the Guards would let you in. Everything you wear smells of powerful equipment from a mile away." 
 "As it should." The Fire Dragon nodded. "Three things determine one's status in the Brood: wisdom, treasures, and power. Power is ranked last but it's as treasured as wisdom." 
 "I know!" Aran raised his hand like he was in a classroom. "It's because, without power, wisdom is nothing but hot air. You can't put it into practice and any brute can impose his stupid rules on you. Also, without strength, you can't defend your treasures." 
 "Correct, Hatchling." Erghak patted Aran's head. "Did you study Dragon philosophy for the occasion?" 
 "No, I'm just paraphrasing what my big brother always says." Aran said. 
 "Which is?" The Fire Dragon tilted his head in curiosity. 
 "I can't say. He made me promise not to ever repeat his words for-" Only thanks to a nudge from Leria did Aran's excitement for being praised fade enough for him to remember about Kamila's presence. "Reasons. I mean, he's very humble." 
 "I see." Erghak laughed loudly enough to attract even more gazes from the bystanders. 
 "We'll talk about your language in the presence of the kids later." Kamila smiled at Lith with a grace that didn't extend to her eyes. 
 "Yes, Mom." He replied, making her eyes narrow into angry slits. 
 "What about your wings, Hatchlings?" The Fire Dragons rushed to change the topic. "Did you leave them at home?" 
 "Yes." Leria nodded, wringing her hands. "We were so sad for Grandpa Valtak that we forgot to ask Grandpa Leegaain to awaken our bloodline. We are not real Wyrms yet so we can't-" 
 A set of black-veined silver wings popped out of her back at the same time as red-veined black wings came out from Aran's. 
 Leria immediately put her hands on her face, feeling the presence of small silvery scales on her cheeks while Aran's hands now ended in small claws and were covered in black scales. 
 *** 
 Meanwhile, in the Blood Desert. 
 "There! Happy now, you nagging sparrow?" Leegaain asked while cradling Shargein. 
 "Very, you insensitive lizard!" Salaark replied. 
 "Order and Chaos, sometimes I wonder why I put up with your antics!" He grunted. 
 "Put the Featherling to sleep, wait ten minutes, and come to my room! I'll remind you why!" She snarled. 
 "Gladly!" 
 *** 
 Back in the Kingdom. 
 "Thank you, Grandpa!" Leria gave a curtsy to the empty air in front of her, receiving no reply. 
 "Thanks!" Aran tried to fly, but misjudged the strength of the flap and slapped himself with his wings. "Ouch!" 
 Kamila was happy for the kids, but until Invigoration confirmed that no change had occurred to her body, she was afraid that the resonance with the awakened bloodlines might expose her pregnancy. 
 "Well, this will fuel even more heated conversations." Erghak helped the kids to furl their wings properly and guided the group forward. 
 "What's that supposed to mean?" Lith whispered as low as he could. 
 Using a mind link or a Hush Zone would have been considered incredibly rude, limiting his options. 
 "That Grandfather favors your kids and that might upset quite a few Wyrms." The Fire Dragon replied. "It will also upset all Lesser Dragons as soon as the rumor spreads. No one gets their bloodline awakened just because they ask. At least until today." 
 "It's not like that." Aran rushed to explain. "It's just a temporary state. It will wear off in a few hours." 
 "Yet that's still special treatment." Erghak shrugged. "No one ever got their bloodline awakened, even for a few hours." 
 "I get the heated debate." Lith said. "But I'm still missing the 'more' part." 
 "Do you remember that you've earned the infamous nickname of Kinslayer?" Erghak asked, obtaining a nod in reply. "Do I need to add more?" 
 "No, dammit." Lith shook his head in frustration but said nothing more despite Kamila's worried look. 
 The tunnel was long and hundreds of meters, leading to the heart of the mountain, and completely unadorned. If not for the ground moving akin to a conveyor belt, it would have taken them several minutes of walk while surrounded by searing heat to reach their destination. 
 "Is it me or is it hot in here?" Kamila and Solus were the only ones to experience minor discomfort as their armors and their Awakened bodies adjusted to the rising temperature. 
 The others carried enough Dragon blood to be unaffected.