Chapter 3368 Imposter Syndrome (Part 1)
 
"Dude, he's pulling your leg" Rizel laughed his ass off. "That's Lith Verhen, the guy who owns this place. Congratulations on making a fool out of yourself in so many ways in so little time. Thank the gods you didn't introduce yourself."
 
"Thank the gods indeed." The Baron gasped.
 
He couldn't show his face around Lutia again, but at least the Lestrame name was safe.
 
"Can you show me the available plots of land around here, kind sir? I'll generously reward you for your time." The Baron changed his attitude with Rizel quickly, hoping to cut his losses.
 
"I'm sorry. We are going for a beer in town and I don't need your money." Rizel jabbed with his thumb at a small crowd of men who were approaching them from the fields. "You can join us and ask Lord Raaz Verhen, if you want."
 
The idea of meeting Lith's father and being the object of mockery when the youth inevitably would share the story of how they had met, made the Baron give Rizel a quick bow before bolting out of Raaz's line of sight.
 
For someone who disdained any kind of physical activity, the Baron found himself to be quite the sprinter.
 
"Who was that powdered nose, son?" Bromann asked. "Did he bully you? Do you want me to teach him a lesson?"
 
"Dad, I'm not a kid anymore. I can look out for myself," Rizel thumped his muscular chest to underline the concept. "It was just another noble looking to buy a piece of land and an opportunity to meet Lith 'by chance! He got his wish granted but didn't realize it until it was too late."
 
"Did he bully Lith?" Raaz said with worry. "Please, tell me there were no children around when Lith tore his limbs off and reattached them."
 
"Nothing of sorts happened, Raaz." Rizel half laughed and half shuddered at the thought. "I'll tell you the whole story on the way to the tavern."
 
***
 
Meanwhile, Solus and the others had reached the outskirts of Lutia.
 
"Good gods, I've been here in my spectral form before but I can never get used to that abomination." Ripha pointed at the temple of the All-Father. "What the heck are those fanatics doing?"
 
The statue of Lith's four forms standing back-to-back in front of the main entrance wasn't alone anymore. Four more statues were being erected at the four corners of the temple.
 
"Is that Trion?" Even though it was still a rough outline in the obsidian, Elina could recognize her son's features among thousands.
 
"You're right, Blessed Lady" Like all the live-in clerics, the woman wore an ample black robe. "We are paying homage to the four Kings who protect the All-Father from the four cardinal directions."
 
"Since when?" Solus blurted out in surprise.
 
"The mysteries of the All-Father are infinite, Lady Solus." The woman gave her a deep bow. "They are revealed only when the high priest deems the time is right."
 
"You mean when Zekell makes them up. Solus had a hard time repressing a laugh.
 
"What about the new one?" Ripha asked. "The old Magus who has been recently summoned? Isn't she a King, Queen, whatever?"
 
"Silly child. The woman chuckled. "The four Kings are the spirits of mortals who the All-Father has elevated. Menadion is a powerful sage He has summoned to stand by His Forge and share the secrets of creation with His children.
 
"Her statue stands near the main altar. Obviously."
 
"Obviously." Menadion echoed, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "Thanks for enlightening me."
 
"No, thank you for bringing the Blessed Lady." The cleric was about to prostrate herself to Elina when she stopped her.
 
"Please, don't. People are watching and I'd like to walk around Lutia in peace."
 
"As you wish." The woman turned around and went back to attend those in need of medical attention.
 
"Gods, that was so embarrassing." Elina dragged the other two women away from the temple as fast as she could. "I'll never get used to people praising me just for being Lith's mother"
 
"I agree it's weird but no matter how ridiculous this place is, it does plenty of good." Solus said. "People with little or no money can come to the temple to be treated or at least receive a diagnosis for free instead of waiting until things get really bad before going to an expensive healer.
 
"Also, they can no longer be conned by quacks into spending their hard-earned savings to cure non-existent ailments."
 
After Nana's death, Lutia had remained without a Healer until a magico had settled in the village. The problem was that, just like Nana, he couldn't use spells above tier three but he had also a weaker core than her, making them less effective.
 
Things had only gotten worse as Lutia had developed, expanding from a small village into a city. More and more healers were needed to cover for the increase in the population but not all of them were competent and most weren't even honest.
 
Whenever they wanted money, they made up an illness that needed treatment. If someone wanted a second opinion, they had to pay another healer for the diagnosis. Not only was it expensive but it also took the second healer just a few words to pocket extra
 
money after confirming the fake illness.
 
Luckily for the citizens of Lutia, after Lith had been branded as a traitor during the War of the Griffons, most quacks had left the city, looking for greener grass. Even more luckily, after the temple of the All-Father had been established, diagnoses were free. The opening of a local branch of the Mage Association had been the final nail in the coffin for Healers' malpractice. Even the clerks were academy graduates who could easily double-check a diagnosis and pressing charges now led to immediate prosecution. That and the opening of a local Warp Gate had allowed certified and honest Healers to easily reach Lutia and set up their business.
 
"Where are we going?" Ripha asked.
 
"I've already introduced you to my real friends." Elina replied. "Now we need to rumors to spread on their own so we're going to the local gossip center, the bakery"
 
They walked briskly along the streets with several admiring gazes following them. Menadion's tanned skin deeply contrasted with her wheat-blonde hair. Along with her figure and exotic eyes, she was a sight to behold.
 
"You're a head-turner, Mom!" Solus chuckled, making Menadion blush up to her ears.
 
"Nonsense. I'm sure it's you they are staring at." She wasn't used to receiving so much attention back when she was alive and being seven hundred years out of practice made it seven hundred times worse. "Don't these people have better to do than stare?" They soon reached the old bakery of Vexal Cornerstone. The term "old" only referred to the fact that, as the wooden shop sign claimed, it was Lutia's first bakery and the Verhens' favorite.
 
As soon as Lutia's expansion had started, Vexal had bought the neighboring houses, hired plenty of helpers, and expanded his business. The bakery was three times its original size and had also a second floor where Vexal and his family lived.