Chapter 3389  Hunting Party (Part 2)
 
 
 "I'd say I had a lot of emotions for today." The Baroness needed her husband's help to stand up. "With your permission, I'll go rest a little while you unpack your luggage." 
 "I'll be home all day." Eiros said to his guests. "Come see me whenever you are ready." 
 "So-y." Elysia said again once the two nobles had left the guest house. 
 "Apologies accepted, my love. Just don't do that again." Kamila said. "This will serve as a lesson to us all. We need to start teaching Elysia how to behave, or the next time someone might get hurt. 
 "Thank the gods she didn't use spells for her prank." 
 Elysia and Valeron swallowed hard. That was phase two of their plan. They never got to cast spells or breathe fire only thanks to Mirias' timely fainting. 
 "Valeron is such a good kid." Lith rocked the boy in his arms, making him lower his head in shame. "He's always so polite and kind." 
 Both babies burst into tears. Elysia because hurt by the comparison and Valeron out of guilt, feeling unworthy of such praise. 
 "What's happening?" Raaz was as confused as everyone else. 
 Dragon scales solved the mystery in the span of a hug. 
 "Sorry, this time it's my bad." Lith sighed. "Elysia got offended and Valeron turned out to be a little imp as well." 
 "It runs in the family, little imp." Raaz chuckled, mimicking Nana's voice. 
 Taking out the daily necessities and assigning the rooms took but a few minutes. Raaz would share the room with Aran and Onyx while Senton with Leria and Abominus. 
 Solus had her own room but she planned to use it only to bathe or spend time with her mother. Without a mana geyser, her energy was limited and she would have to spend the night in the stone ring. 
 "You guys go out with the Baron." Kamila said. "Solus and I will stay here with the babies." 
 "Thanks, Kami, but I'd give the Baron an hour or so to let him take care of his wife." Raaz said. "Maybe we could use this time to have breakfast." 
 Aran, Leria, and the Emperor Beasts cheered in approval. After the short trip from the Warp Gate and all those emotions, they had worked up quite an appetite. 
 The Baron was happy to have the Verhens eat at his table. The holographic map allowed him to give them a virtual tour of Jambel's territory while they had a pleasant conversation, killing two birds with one stone. 
 "I'm sure you remember my children, Kotu and Irie." The fraternal twins had gotten their father's red hair and their mother's green eyes. "Kotu, Irie, these are our new friends. 
 "Elysia, Valeron, Solus, Rhona, and Trion Verhen. Senton Proudhammer, Onyx, and Abominus." 
 The introduction of the babies sounded pointless until they waved their small hands and said: "Hi." 
 The twins dropped their forks, gawping at the toddlers who did their best to act inconspicuously from that moment onward. 
 "I'm a Verhen too." Onyx pouted. She considered herself part of the family and felt left out. 
 "Same here." Abominus said. 
 "Oh." The usually easy-going Baron looked uncomfortable for the first time since Lith had known him. "Are you betrothed already?" He pointed at the kids and their respective steeds. 
 "Eiros!" Mirias went pale in embarrassment but was inwardly glad their usual roles had been restored. 
 "No." Raaz denied firmly. "They are just children, for the gods' sake!" 
 "What's a betrothed?" Aran asked in confusion. 
 "I'll tell you when you are older." Raaz replied, rushing to change the topic. "What are our plans for the day, dear Baron?" 
 "Please, call me Eiros, Raaz." The Baron replied. "As for your question, you are spoiled for choice. We can go hiking on mountain trails…" 
 A twirl of his fingers conjured the hologram of the various peaks nearest to the city. 
 "We can go hunting in the Stornash woods or just walk, if you want." A second twirl zoomed out of the mountains and in on the woods they had passed on their way to Jambel. 
 "Lith asked me to organize a fishing trip over the Rhem and Shem lakes." The hologram highlighted the twin lakes in front of the city. "It's a bit late for fishing but it's the perfect solution if you are too tired to walk. 
 "We can just take a tour of the lakes if you want." 
 "I'd like to go hunting." Raaz looked around the table and everyone nodded. "I must warn you, Eiros, the only thing I have ever caught are the chickens in my coop. I never had the time or opportunity to learn the first thing about hunting." 
 "Then why this choice, if you don't mind me asking?" 
 "Because I've always admired Lith's skills as a hunter." Raaz said with pride. "I'd like to see my son in action and maybe he can teach his old man a thing or two." 
 "I can use a few lessons as well." Trion said while eating eggs and bacon. "I too know nothing about hunting." 
 "Really, big brother?" Aran asked, his eyes wide in surprise. 
 "Yes, little brother." The kids had gotten used to calling him big brother/uncle for a few months now but for Trion, it was always like the first time. 
 Those common words still filled him with joy and the desire to deserve them. 
 "Unlike our brother, I never trained to be a field operative. I received basic lessons about field dressing wild animals and what plants and roots are edible but I never had the opportunity to put them into practice." 
 "We can learn together, then!" Aran's voice was filled with enthusiasm. 
 "What about you, Dad?" Leria asked. 
 "I can hunt and field dress." Senton replied. "It's a hobby I took in my youth while testing your grandfather's arrowheads and later mine. I've never caught anything bigger than a bunny but I'm a good shot." 
 "A bunny?" Leria's voice was a mix of shock and pride. 
 "Dear, someone has to get the meat that ends up in your plate." Senton gently caressed her head. "Also, don't you enjoy eating roasted bunny with potatoes? I thought it was one of your favorite dishes." 
 "It is." Leria felt guilty for the bunny and hungry at the thought of the delicious smell of her mother's cooking. 
 She pondered in silence for a while until she set her priorities straight. 
 "Can you teach me how to hunt, Dad?" Leria asked. 
 "Of course, I can." Senton felt his heart brimming with joy for the confidence his daughter put in him. "Do you want to store our game to show it to your mother or do you want to eat it here?" 
 Leria's heart and stomach were once again at odds. She wanted Rena to be proud of her but she also loved eating. 
 "We can send her pictures of what we catch and bring something for her home." Leria replied. 
 "Hold your horses." Senton shook his head. "Hunting is not like buying groceries. There's no guarantee we will find something." 
 "Then it's settled." The Baron said. "Lith will take along Raaz, Trion, and Aran. Senton goes with Leria and I with Kotu. I hope it's not a problem if I bring my son with us."