Chapter 3395  Fishing Party (Part 2)
 
 
 "What about ten years from now, when they both grow up?" Lith asked. 
 "Only the gods know." Raaz shrugged. "At twelve Aran will try for the White Griffon Academy with Leria. If he gets in, he will meet a lot of new people and maybe find a girlfriend. Maybe more than one." He groaned at the last part. 
 "He will spend from five to two years away from home. When he becomes a young man, things are bound to change, whether we like it or not." 
 "What if Onyx follows him?" Trion pointed out. "She's already great with magic and can shapeshift. She can pass the admission exam for the White Griffon with her eyes closed and her hands tied behind her back." 
 "I already have grandchildren with scales." Raaz rocked a giggling Elysia in his arms. "I'd love grandchildren with fur just the same." 
 *** 
 The group spent the afternoon hiking in the woods, this time with no hunting tools. The Baron taught everyone how to spot animal tracks and what kinds of plants were the favorite food of which animal. 
 Lith taught the kids how to recognize the marks that identified the turfs of different predators and magical beasts. Raaz pointed out the edible plants they found on the way as well as the poisonous ones. 
 "Unless it's a flower, beware of bright colors, kids." He said. "It's nature's way to point out danger." 
 Once they got back home, it was the fathers' pride and joy to teach their kids how to cook meat on a grill while Lith prepared enough fries to feed a battalion. 
 "You see, Leria, the trick is to keep the heat low. This way, the fat melts and you can spread it evenly and use it to improve the flavor of the meat. Always make it medium rare to keep it tender and juicy on the inside." 
 "What if someone wants it well cooked?" She asked. 
 "Then you politely but firmly ask them to get out of your house." Senton's reply made the kids laugh until they noticed the serious expression of their male relatives and understood it was no joke at all. 
 *** 
 Later, that night, Lith was glad to have a little alone time with his wife. 
 "Your fries were a huge hit again." Kamila said. "I've never seen Mirias eat so much of anything. Everyone took so many servings that by the end of dinner there was nothing left." 
 "Glad to hear." Lith nodded. "How was your day?" 
 "I really like Jambel. It's clean, everyone is polite, and there's almost no poverty." 
 "Me too. I wish more rulers were as selfless as Eiros." Lith replied. "By the way, I'm sorry for leaving you alone all day did you miss me?" 
 "Always." She gave him a soft smile. "But someone missed you more." 
 "Dya! Dya!" The moment she opened the crib, the babies shapeshifted into Divine Beasts and tackled Lith with all their strength. 
 "How cute you are! I missed you as well. You are my treasures and…" A sudden, soft snoring sound cut him short. "Poor things. They must be tired. Did they like the city?" 
 "A lot. They received endless attention and I couldn't pass in front of a store without someone gifting them something. Painting the stroller with your Supreme Magus colors was a dirty move." She chuckled. 
 "Hey, at least this way no one will bother us. As Dad said, bright colors make dangerous things more visible. Speaking of dirty moves…" Lith gave Kamila a long deep kiss before trying and failing to take the children off his shirt. 
 Their small claws and talons dug deep into the metal and when he put a bit of force, Elysia and Valeron stirred and cried. 
 "I stand corrected." Lith sighed. "The only dirty thing that will take place in this room tonight are these gods-damned stinky diapers!" 
 *** 
 The following morning the Verhens woke up at the crack of dawn for a hearty breakfast. Once they were done, a short drive on the DoLorean brought them to the shore of the Shem Lake where the Baron's personal fishing boat waited for them. 
 It was a hardwood sailboat, over 12 meters (40') long and 3 meters (10') across, painted white from top to bottom. It was big enough to carry everyone with space to spare. The sails had the Wyalon's family crest roughly embroidered all over their surface. 
 "I'm not that arrogant." The Baron said. "It's just that during the fishing season it saves me a lot of trouble and makes even the rudest, life-hardened sailor as polite as a valet." 
 "Where are the oars?" Aran noticed there was a lot of free space inside the boat. 
 "No need for oars, son." The Baron replied. "Even someone with weak magic powers like me can fill the sails with wind when necessary. We'd move slowly, but we are in no rush. Also, by going fast we would scare the fish." 
 "What if there is an emergency?" Leria asked. 
 "Well, with your uncle with us, the answer is obvious." Eiros pointed at Lith. "Without him, I'd use these." 
 He showed Leria two wands, one yellow and the other one blue. 
 "I'm a noble, young lady, and the Kingdom looks out for its own. Watch." A flick of the yellow wand released a gust of wind that filled the sails. 
 The Baron stood on starboard and slowly approached the mast. The closer he got, the faster the ship became. He only pushed forward a few meters before turning the wand off. 
 "This is army and law enforcements exclusive, instead, and it's used to hunt down boats carrying someone who can use air magic or has a yellow wand." The Baron returned to starboard and pointed the blue wand at the water. 
 "Kotu, bind the sails. Everyone else, sit tight." Once the guests were sitting and strapped to their position, Eiros activated the wand. 
 The water of the lake pushed the boat forward with such strength that the bow turned up. Lith estimated their speed was already comparable to a motorboat and it kept increasing. 
 After a few dozens of meters, the Baron stopped again. 
 "This makes the travel rocky, but you go faster than any wind can carry you." He said. "But all this stuff is for regular nobles. When someone has a friend like your uncle…" 
 Eiros took the DoLorean out of his dimensional amulet and let it float about the surface of the lake. 
 "This beauty captured quite a lot of criminals and saved my life more than once." He said with pride before putting it back. "Now, let's go fishing. Lith, if you please." 
 Lith pointed his finger, setting the sails and filling them with a gentle breeze. The Baron checked the waters from time to time, altering their course when necessary. 
 "Our stunts have scared the fish on our side of the lake so we have to travel a bit." He said. "Before we get to a nice fishing spot, a fair warning. Lightning isn't allowed." 
 "I beg your pardon?" Lith asked. 
 "When a mage has no patience or a fishing company is in a rush to make a big haul, they throw bolts of lightning at the lake." Eiros explained. "The fish get stunned or killed, floating to the surface and easy to pick up."