Chapter 3396  The Water and the River (Part 1)
 
 
 "Using air magic like that is cheating and cruel!" Leria said in outrage. 
 "It is." Eiros nodded. "But it also works so people still do it. Or at least they try. There are sentinels all around the lakes and they'll light a flare at the first spark of lightning so be careful what you do." 
 "I've never fished before." Raaz scratched his head. "I didn't have time to waste hanging out at the Philo River even when I was young." 
 "Me neither. That's why I brought us here, Dad." Lith said. "We can learn together." 
 Aran and Leria wanted to point out they had already fished with magic, but Raaz's joyous expression shut them up. 
 The Baron had brought fishing rods and baits for everyone. He taught his guests the basics and then everyone chose their spot. 
 "Remember, guys, fishing is about patience and luck." He said. "Take your time and enjoy the peace of nature." 
 There were several fishing boats on the Shem Lake but they all gave the Wyalon's crest a wide berth in respect. Those who came close enough to spot Lith's Magus robe, gave it an even wider berth in respectful terror. 
 "This is boring." Abominus said a few hours later, voicing the thoughts of many. "I'm hot and I've yet to catch anything." 
 "It's your first time. It's normal." The Baron and his son had caught a couple of fish each whereas everyone else had tried different kinds of baits with no success. 
 "Be right back." The Pyrmir in his human form flew away enough from the boat to not affect their fishing before diving into the lake. 
 He swam a bit in the cold waters before flying back to the boat while carrying two fish, one in each hand, that resembled big salmons. 
 "This is for you." Abominus dripped water from head to toe, but it only made his smile more beaming as he handed the fish to Leria. "This way you'll have something to show to your mother." 
 "Thank you!" She put it in an empty bucket. "She'll be so proud of us when-" 
 She was still talking when Abominus took a bite at the still-moving fish. He literally wolfed it down quickly, licking his fingers clean from the blood. 
 "What?" He replied to everyone's petrified gaze. "I was hungry." 
 "So was I." Kotu's face had turned into a tinge of green. "Not anymore." 
 Abominus then shook himself like a dog, getting rid of the excess water with magic. He splashed no one, sending everything overboard in a controlled stream. 
 After another hour passed with no luck, everyone was ready to throw in the towel and the fishing rod away. 
 "Mister Baron…" Aran started. 
 "Call me Eiros, please. We are all friends here." 
 "Eiros, can we use magic, please? No offense but it seems I have no talent for regular fishing." 
 "It's not you." The Baron chuckled. "Fishing with a rod doesn't get anyone much. It's a hobby. Real fishermen use wide nets or they would never catch enough fish to provide for their families. Feel free to do whatever you like as long as it's not a bolt of lightning." 
 "Thank you!" Aran spread his arms and focused the mana in his fingertips when… 
 "Stop right there!" Lith said. "Let's add a few rules for fairness' sake. You can only use spells that won't disturb the rest of the party or scare the fish around the boat. So no water geyser, no ice blocks, and no air blades." 
 "But that leaves only the water bubble technique!" Aran said. 
 "Exactly. Glad we are on the same page." Lith nodded. 
 "What's the water bubble technique?" Raaz asked. 
 "This." Lith spotted a decent-sized trout swimming near the boat that had no intention of biting. 
 Lith had no idea if it had already escaped a fishing rod before or if it was just smart. Also, he didn't care. 
 'Since there is no way anyone is going to catch this guy, I will.' A flick of his fingers lifted the water surrounding the fish, forming a bubble outside the lake. 
 The fish kept moving but the water followed it, making it impossible to escape. The bubble floated above Lith's metal bucket and then vanished, sending his prisoner thudding below. 
 The fishing buckets were tall and narrow, forcing big fish to bend in positions that made it impossible for them to jump out. 
 "Amazing!" Raaz said. 
 "Thanks, Dad. Guys, don't fish more than we can eat. Let's not ruin those people's livelihood." Lith pointed at the boats in the distance. 
 Aran, Leria, Trion, Onyx, and Abominus started to fish with magic and soon their buckets weren't empty anymore. 
 "Damn. Mages are cheats, son." The Baron had a nice head start but it was quickly disappearing. "When you look for your future wife, make sure she has decent magical abilities. We can use a bit of talent to strengthen our bloodline." 
 "Dad, how can you say that?" 
 "I'm not talking about a full-fledged mage. That would be too hard and complicated. Just someone with a better magical talent than your mother and me will do." 
 "That's not the issue!" Kotu flushed in embarrassment. "It's not like I'm buying a desk and can ask for the specifics. Whoever she is going to be, we are talking about a human being with feelings." 
 "She can be an Emperor Beast for all I care." Eiros jabbed his thumb at Onyx. "Keep your options open." 
 "Dad!" 
 "What? Fine, pick a human if you want. Remember I don't care about her status. She can be a flower girl, a farmer, anything as long it's an honest and honorable profession. She'd still become Baroness Wyalon when she marries you." The Baron shrugged. 
 "Really? You don't care about her upbringing, Dad?" By the way Kotu's face lit up, Eiros assumed his son already had someone in mind. 
 "Son, you are talking with a commoner." He patted Kotu's shoulder. "Lith and I are the same. We both started with nothing and became nobles through our hard work. No offense, Raaz." 
 "None taken." Despite his words, Raaz felt a tinge of envy poisoning his good mood. 
 'Baron Wyalon is truly an amazing man.' He thought. 'He built his household from scratch and made his children second-generation nobles. I wish I could have done the same.' 
 "Big Bro, Dad's bucket is still empty." Aran's voice snapped Raaz out of his self-loathing. "Can't you help him?" 
 Raaz checked his rod, nothing was even close to biting and his bucket was the only one without a single fish. 
 "Depends." Lith replied. "Dad, would you like a quick lesson about magic?" 
 "Magic? Me?" Raaz was flabbergasted. "I have a deep orange mana core, son. Your mother is the talented one." 
 With her bright orange mana core, Elina could easily perform house chores from a young age. Raaz could just conjure a jug of water or use earth magic to clean his work boots. 
 "It's more than enough to catch a fish. What do you say if I teach you a thing or two?" Lith asked. 
 "A private magic lesson from the one and only Supreme Magus of the Kingdom? It would be my honor." Raaz patted the seat beside him and Lith moved there. "I warn you, I always hated school. I've never been good at studying anything."