"You all look well-fed and relaxed." Elina said after giving her check-up to everyone. "Do you want anything in particular for lunch?"


"A broth and vegetables!" The kids said in unison.


"Vegetables? You hate vegetables." Elina and Rena exchanged a knowing look. "Did you only eat meat during your vacation?"


"Of course not, Grandma!" Leria was offended by the allegation. "We had plenty of fries, mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, and lettuce leaves to wrap the meat."


"So two weeks of meat and potatoes." Rena sighed.


"Potatoes are vegetables. They still count." Aran said. "Right, Dad?"


"Of course, son." Raaz winked at Elina who immediately changed the topic.


"Get inside the house. I want to hear everything about your adventure." She said, not wanting to spoil the good mood and memories of the children.


Elina and Rena prepared a thick vegetable soup with a side of hot vegetable cream and salad. Everything the children usually avoided like the plague and ate solely to get their dessert at the end of the meal.


Much to Elina's and Rena's surprise, Aran and Leria finished everything without leaving a single scrap on their plates.


"Your cooking is amazing, Mom." Leria said with a big smile on her round face.


"Thank you, dear." Rena, chuckled with pride.


"I was truly sick of meat yet it took just one of your vegetable meals to make me crave it again! You're the best."


"Thank you, dear." Rena frowned, her voice hesitating as Leria peeled an apple-like fruit with magic and ate it excitedly. "I guess."


By the end of lunch, everyone was caught up with the most recent events. They had kept in touch with daily conversations so aside from the final impressions of the vacation and the recounts of their most exciting adventures there wasn't much to say.


"What about you?" Lith asked Elina and Rena. "Did something happen in Lutia?"


"No, nothing much." Elina caressed Shargein who chirped happily. "We brought Shargein with us every time we left home, just like you asked. He's a very good kid and agreed to help us."


"Thank you, Auntie." The Wyrmling licked her hand.


Unlike Elysia, Shargein could still be considered a secret weapon. Aside from Dragons and Phoenixes, no one knew who his parents were or about Leegaain's oath on the day of his latest son's birth.


"I'm sorry for bothering you, Shargein." Lith threw the Wyrmling a tasty treat that he gobbled. "But between my absence and Ripha's return, someone might have taken Mom and Rena hostage.


"The Queen's Corps can take care of regular threats but they can't keep up with Awakened. People like Xedros would do anything to get the Forge Magus to craft them a Blade Weapon."


"I think you are paranoid, dear." Elina said.


"I think he's right." Ripha countered.


'Leria too is right' She inwardly added. 'I'm already sick of vegetables and I'm an adult.'


"Until the dust settles, it's better not to lower our guard. Those who attack first are the greedy idiots. The really dangerous greedy ones will bide their time. Back in my day-"


"Mom!" Solus kicked Menadion from under the table so hard that she felt it.


Only then did Ripha notice the worried look on the children's faces and the disgruntled expression on everyone else's.


"I mean, it's just a matter of being careful. Thank you for your help, Shargein."


"Welcome! Welcome!" The Wyrmling wagged his tail in excitement.


"Thank you for protecting my mom." Aran and Leria hugged him, sniffling.


"Mom?" Shargein felt their worry and it unsettled him. "Mom!"


"Who's unsettling my babies?" Salaark appeared in a blaze of fire and fury, wrapping the children in her arms. "Who dares?"


"I did." Menadion raised her hand and lowered her gaze. "I'm sorry."


"You better." The Guardian grunted. "You also better not do this again, Ripha, or you and I are going to have a problem."


"I'll be more careful in the future." Menadion nodded and an awkward silence fell over the room.


"That said, we can leave whenever you want, Mom." Lith broke the silence before it became deafening. "Are you done packing your amulets?"


"I am, but you can't ask me to leave my babies so soon." She hugged Aran and Leria, kissing their foreheads. "I missed them too much to stay away from them for two more weeks. I need some time."


"Thanks, Mom." Aran hugged her. "I missed you too."


"Can't we come with you, Uncle Lith?" Leria asked while embracing Rena tightly. 


"This is the agreed list of activities." Lith handed her a piece of paper, needing sheer willpower not to sigh in boredom just at the idea.


"Be safe out there, Uncle Lith." Leria changed her tune. "I have lost too many lessons in the Desert and need to catch up with the rest of the class."


"Me too!" Aran gasped in horror after glancing at the list. "I need to… write down everything I've learned in Jambel. I can't slack off if I want to enroll in the White Griffon."


"It's not so boring, sweetie." Elina chuckled at his poor acting performance. "You might actually have fun. Are you sure you don't want to come?"


"Thanks, Mom, but no." Aran shook his head. "I'd rather play with my friends than watch someone else play."


"That's not what a play is." Elina chuckled. "Never mind, dear. You can always come visit me if you feel lonely."


"Thanks, Mom, but I'd rather not disturb your vacation." Aran shook his head. "Can I come to the Desert if I need company, Grandma?"


"Of course you can, Featherling." Salaark replied. "You can sleep and eat in my palace until your mother returns, if you want."


"If you do, I'll be the one offended." Zekell grunted. "I know I have no fancy palace or cool magic to show off to you but I still deserve to spend time with my grandkids. Also, wouldn't it be rude of you to leave Leria and your father behind?"


'I was actually planning on going to the Desert with him.' Leria thought.


"Grandpa Zekell is right." She actually said. "Lutia is a cool place and this is where Grandpa Raaz's fields are."


"Indeed, young man." Raaz nodded. "I need to work for a living and you need to make yourself known around these parts. Otherwise your impersonators will rack up quite a debt in your name and destroy your reputation."


"Good point." Aran nodded. "I guess I'm stuck with you for a while longer, Leria. You have my same problem, after all."


"Yeah, impersonators are- What do you mean, stuck with me?" The kids had just started quarreling when someone knocked on their door.


"Welcome back, Lith." Baba Yaga in her Mother form said from the doorstep. "You too, Solus and Ripha. It's nice to see you again and in a much better mood."


"Thanks, Yaga. Do you want to come in?" Lith asked.


"No, I need you to follow me, if you have the time. There are a few details I have to discuss with Ripha about her magical lessons." The Mother moved so that Lith's eclipsed her and the rest of the family couldn't see the worried look she gave him.