"Mom, do you need me for something or can I leave you guys for a while?" Lith said.


"Don't worry. With Salaark, Shargein, Kami, and Elysia here, I'd say we are pretty safe." Elina replied with a warm smile.


"If this house isn't safe, then no place on Mogar is." Baba Yaga looked at the various people who directly or indirectly possessed the power to save or destroy life as she knew it. "Please, follow me."


She conjured a Warp Steps that led them straight to the mana geyser in the Trawn woods. Her wooden hut stood on Solus' usual spot and Baba Yaga opened the door, leading them inside.


"I hope you don't mind me borrowing this place during your absence, Lith." The Mother said. "I wanted to stay close to Ripha and Solus in case something else happened and this is the second place where I know you'd Tower Warp to during an emergency."


"You can stay here anytime you want unless Solus needs to conjure her tower. Like right now." Lith replied.


"Actually, she doesn't." Baba Yaga shook her head. "We're leaving."


"Leaving?" Solus echoed. "To go where?"


"To the Eclipsed Lands." Baba Yaga replied. "Vladion has someone he wants you to meet."


"Why didn't he just call me?" Lith asked.


"Because calls can be intercepted or someone might hear or witness part of the conversation." The Mother focused on her bond with the Firstborn Vampire, opening a Warp Gate leading thousands of miles away to a region of the Eclipsed Lands unknown to Lith and Solus.


"Mind links leave no trace, instead, and even if someone is watching your house, a mage visiting the Supreme Magus is hardly shocking."


She left her hut behind, to use it as a focus point for the return trip.


The Warp Gate opened inside what looked like a luxurious noble house that smelled of flowers. Wherever it was, strong light came from the windows but Lith felt little light element in the air.


What gave away their location, however, was the fact that no one among the house staff seemed surprised by the presence of intruders and every one of them possessed a stunning beauty.


Men and women possessed a charm that was rare even for people who Awakened at a young age like Tista. It went beyond their physical appearance and made even the most common gesture look flirty and alluring.


"Let me guess." Lith was unfazed by it all. "You didn't bring us to Lightkeep. I've never been here before but this can only be Ilthin's city. Booty Call."


"Nightingale." Solus corrected him, discovering that she wasn't affected by the Banshees either. 


"Maybe, but mine is more fitting." Lith grunted.


Men winked at him and women licked their lips, leaving no doubt about their intentions.


"I'm with him on Booty Call." Menadion snarled at an overly handsome man who had tried to approach her.


She was dead, but her love for Threin was alive and well. The only feeling even a Banshee could arouse in her was annoyance.


"Please, stop calling Nightingale like that." Ilthin Demere, Firstborn Banshee, and ruler of the city, came to greet her guests. "For some reason, this place already has an undeserved shady reputation. I don't want your nickname to catch on."


"Ripha, this is my daughter, Ilthin." The Red Mother said. "Ilthin, this is my dear friend Ripha Menadion. You already know Lith and Solus."


"It's a pleasure to meet you, Ruler Menadion." Awakened had no consideration for the Magus title since those who received it helped to further solely the cause of fake mages. "Would you consider Forgemastering a few pieces for me?


"Us undead we are always in desperate need of good Forgemasters."


"The pleasure is mine and please, call me Ripha." Menadion shook the hand offered to her. "Why do you need my help? What about your mother?"


"Mother is a great Forgemaster, but even she always admitted not to be your match." Ilthin replied.


"Did she?" Menadion gave Baba Yaga a smug grin.


"Yes, I did." The Mother snorted. "Unlike someone else, I don't have secrets with those I trust and give credit where credit is due."


"How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?" Menadion slumped her shoulders. "As for your request, Ilthin, I'm sorry but I can't help you. My Forgemastery is outdated for seven hundred years.


"At the moment your mother is a better mage than me. Aside from Sally, there's no one better than her."


"Sally?" Ilthin asked in confusion. "Who's that?"


"Salaark. The Overlord." Menadion quickly corrected herself. "Please, don't tell her I called her Sally or she's going to kill me."


"Don't worry." The Elf Lady giggled. "Demons are still undead and we don't betray our own."


"Or at least so should it be." Baba Yaga sighed, quickly followed by the Banshee.


"What do you mean?" Lith asked. "Where's Vladion and why did you bring us to Nightingale instead of Lightkeep?"


"I'm right here." Vladion Dragonborn stepped out of the shadows and shook Lith's and Solus' hands. "Lith, Solus. It's a pleasure to see you again. Ruler Menadion."


He gave Ripha a deep bow. Vladion was much older than her but, in the magical society, seniority was second to talent and power. Menadion was no more powerful than an average Demon but her talent had revolutionized Mogar in the past.


Death had not diminished her abilities so there was no reason to doubt she would do it again.


"I'm happy to see you too, Vladion." Lith replied. "How are Lysa and the little Radusk?"


"They are doing great. Thank you for asking." The mention of his wife and son brought warmth to the Vampire otherwise icy blue eyes. "Tyris' medicine is working great. Radusk's vampire half is under control and he's growing healthy.


"The only issue that remains is which life force he's going to choose once he grows up. He is not like Elysia. When he becomes sixteen, he needs to pick a side. I hope he chooses his mother's. Humans may be weaker, but it would spare him the hunger."


"Since you are ahead of me in the path of fatherhood and our children's situation is similar, I need to ask you a question." Lith said and Vladion nodded for him to continue. "Do you regret having a son and putting Radusk through the chaos that plagues people like us?"


"My only regret is that having more is nigh impossible." The Firstborn Vampire sighed. "Radusk has been a blessing since the day he was born and I couldn't imagine my life without him. His life may be hard, sure, but much less than those who don't have a loving family or infinite resources."


"Thanks for helping to rescue me, Vladion." Solus said. "This is the second time you've helped us but I appreciate it as much as the first."


"Nonsense." The Firstborn Vampire swept the air with his hand. "Thrud was a threat not only to you but to the whole Garlen. I didn't do that for you but for myself and my people. The same stands for the World Tree.


"That kind of madness couldn't go unchecked. Rescuing a pretty girl like you just made an ugly job more pleasant."