"I hoped that Night would despise what stared back at her in the mirror and look for a new, better path as it happened for Dawn after she merged with Acala." Baba Yaga said. "I also believed that Night would either discard Meln or he would join her in enlightenment.


"After all, just by being with her, your mad brother finally got everything he wanted. Looks, power, and a second chance to prove to the world that had rejected him that he wasn't a monster. When I looked into his soul, I saw how twisted he was, but there was still something worth saving.


"I truly believed Night and Meln would have been repulsed by each other's creeping madness and that it would have pushed them toward the path of healing. Sometimes, crooked things can get straightened out by leaning on each other."


The Mother was referring to Acala and Dawn, but Lith and Solus felt like she was talking about them.


"What happened, instead, is that they fueled each other's delusion. Meln enabled Night and vice versa until they became powerful enough to kill your friends, going against my direct order. That was the moment I understood my mistake and tried to fix it.


"Night had gone from reckless to insane. She had no qualms about putting my life and countless innocents on the line just to fulfill her pride and ambition. I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused you, Lith." Baba Yaga stopped in her tracks, emotions breaking through her voice again.


"I'm responsible for the pain and misery Night left in her wake no less than she is. I should have noticed her straying from her path sooner. I should have made her self-destruct spell public the moment I failed to track her down.


"My pride got in the way no less than my stupid motherly love for my daughter. I didn't release the spell immediately because I didn't want her to be captured, tortured, and experimented upon.


"I wanted to give her a clean death. I brought Night into this world and considered it my responsibility to take her out. I now understand how foolish I have been and can only ask for your forgiveness.


"For what is worth, losing Dusk was the harshest punishment I could receive. If I fail to rescue him, I'll lose two of my beloved children at the same time and spend the rest of my eternal life knowing it's only my fault if they are dead."


"I can't blame you for not killing Night more than I can blame my parents for not putting Meln down like the monster he is instead of disowning him." Lith sighed. "After becoming a parent myself, I realized how deep the attachment to one's children is.


"I'll do my best to raise Valeron and Elysia, but if they ever grow up twisted like Meln, I don't know if I could just kill them like that. Just the thought of seeing those I love the most turn into what I hate the most terrifies me."


"Thanks, Lith." The Mother cleared her throat, returning to her usual, composed self.


"It's too soon to thank me just like it's too soon for me to forgive you." Lith cut the air with his hand. "When I find Meln, because I will, I'm going to return him all the pain he has caused and I expect you not to interfere.


"In the same way, if you find them first, I expect you to kill them on the spot. No talking, no bargaining, no more second chances. Violate these terms and forget forgiveness, our enmity will end only when one of us dies."


"Fair enough. We have a deal." The Mother offered Lith her hand which he promptly shook. "You have my word. Just one question. If I'm the one who finds them first, are you sure you don't want me to hand them over to you?"


"I'm sure." Lith replied. "I'd rather let them have a painless death than take any chance they might escape again."


***


The next few days passed peacefully and uneventfully.


While Leria and Aran enjoyed the company of their respective mothers, Solus and Lith resumed their magical research. During the morning, they would familiarize themselves with the Bleed and the various pieces of the Menadion Set, performing trial experiments while reforging their equipment.


Ripha spent that time with Baba Yaga and Silverwing, learning modern magic and receiving her friends' help to convert her outdated spells into more efficient ones.


In the afternoon, Lith would make up for the lost time with Kamila and the babies. Elysia and Valeron were now almost quiet, the bad experience of almost losing their father was slowly becoming a distant memory.


As for Solus and Menadion, they had sworn not to repeat the mistakes of the past so rather than work together on magic all the time they took cooking lessons from Elina together with Aran.


"I want to learn how to cook all your favorite dishes, Mom. This way, when you return from your trip with Big Brother, I can prepare them for you like you did mine as a welcome-back gift." He said.


"What a lovely thought, dear." Elina took his face between her hands and peppered it with kisses.


"Stop it, Mom, I'm not a kid anymore. I'm seven years old already!" He whined helplessly.


"You're right. You are my little man, now." Elina said while combing his hair with her fingers.


"If the way she treats Lith is any indicator of your future, little man, things aren't going to get any better as you grow up." Menadion chuckled.


"What do you mean?" Elina asked in sincere confusion.


"Nothing." Solus cleared her throat. "Let's get back to work."


Now that Elina had a grip on the source of Solus' focus issues, things took a turn for the better. Especially because even though she tended to be soft-spoken with Solus, Elina had no qualms about being harsh with Menadion when she wasted food.


Solus soon realized she made the same mistakes as her mother so whenever Elina scolded Menadion, Solus knew those words were also addressed to her. With patience, perseverance, and practice she was finally becoming a decent cook.


"You are very pretty, Aunt Solus, just like your mom. You suck at cooking just as bad, though." Aran puffed his chest out with pride after Elina complimented him for a dish well-made. "I guess some things run in the family."


"Oh, really?" That and being outclassed by a seven years old boy who constantly rubbed it in Solus' and Menadion's faces sparked her competitive spirit. "Learning is not a sprint but a marathon! We'll see who has the last laugh." Solus said.


"It won't be the one who has to eat that thing." Aran pointed at the results of her effort with a mocking smile. "That's for sure."


"You little…!" Menadion didn't know whether to be more enraged by Aran's disrespect or humiliated because he was right.


"Ripha!" Elina cut her short. "He's just a child. As for you Aran, I'm ashamed of you. Who taught you to be mean and condescending like that?"


"Leria. I mean, no one." Aran lowered his gaze.


"What do we say when we offend someone?" Elina asked.