Chapter 3415 Thank You (Part 2)


"The only exception was when you were too young to defend yourself. When your life was in the hands of fate and incompetent adults. Like the day when you were born."


Elina sniffled at the memory of that day. The room stank of shit, blood, and piss, but the only detail that was deeply engraved in her mind was the deafening silence that filled the room instead of the cries of a newborn life.


"Gods, how can something so simple go so wrong?" She sobbed.


"Mom, I'm sorry. I-" Lith tried to stand up and explain himself but she grabbed the black slate that was his face and stopped him.


"Don't worry. That came out wrong" She said while caressing the features of Derek McCoy with her thumbs. "What I was trying to say is that. I'm rambling. The when or how you gained your Abomination side doesn't matter.


"All I wanted to say to the Void from the beginning is just thank you." Elina leaned forward, touching his forehead with her own. "Thank you for bringing my baby back home after that Zouwu tried to kill him.


"Thank you for bringing my baby back to me after my stupid body killed him. Thank you for being my baby" Warm tears gently streaked down her cheeks onto the Void's as Elina stroked his flaming hair without getting burned.


"Mom-"


"Shush, child." Now she was the one holding him tight in an embrace and kissing his forehead. "Whatever it is, it doesn't matter. You are my baby and nothing can change that. Do you hear me? Nothing."


Elina took a step back to look him straight in the eyes.


"Yes, Mom."


"Good." She restored the embrace, placing Lith's head on her bosom as she had done countless times since he was an infant.


The Void returned the hug, understanding the meaning of Elina's words. The question he had asked himself hundreds of times finally had an answer.


***


The following day, Elina was back to her usual self.


She didn't distance herself from Lith anymore, she called him endearing embarrassing terms like he was still five years old, and stuck to him like a strangling vine to a tree.


"Thank the gods you fixed Mom, lil bro." Rena sighed in relief as Elina's smile could once again power up a sun. "Seeing her act so quiet and formal was starting to creep me out real fast."


"Rena, are you calling your mother creepy?" Elina grunted.


"Did I stutter?" Rena tilted her head to the side. "Mom, let's face it. You are clingy and overly affectionate but we have all gotten so used to it that if you don't do it, we worry you might have been replaced by a Skinwalker"


"A Doppelganger." Tista corrected her. "A Skinwalker would take her appearance and memories. Doppelgangers, instead, can only mimic the physical form."


"How dare you talk to me like that? You two deserve a lesson." Elina squeezed them in a hug and peppered them with kisses, greatly embarrassing them in front of the hotel's staff.


"Mom, no! Mercy. I surrender." Tista whined, incapable of moving without the risk of hurting her mother.


"Gama! Gama!" Elysia said, feeling left out.


"Gandma! Gandma!" Valeron joined her plea.


"Of course, my cuties. Come to Grandma." At those words many people spat out their food and/or drinks, questioning whether it was their eyes or ears playing tricks on them.


Surin had no idea what was going on, but being the only one not getting hugs and kisses from Elina, she cried out in jealousy.


"I'm sorry, baby. Sometimes I forget you are the only one who doesn't know how to voice what you want." The baby girl clung to Elina and soon stopped crying, starting again as soon as someone came close to her.


"She's marking the territory, Mom." Lith said, prompting more spitting from the peanut gallery. "You must pay Surin more attention or when she grows up, she'll resent her siblings. Isn't it right, lil sis?"


The ensuing third wave of spitting forced many guests of the hotel to ask for another breakfast and the staff to clean most of the floor and tables.


As for Surin, she said nothing but she sure looked disgruntled.


Once they were done with breakfast, they checked out of Saefel's Haven and moved to the city of Vinea via the Warp Gate.


"Are you sure it's okay, sweetie?" Elina asked.


"Don't worry, Mom." Lith replied. "If being in a place I visited with Phloria was an issue, how could I hold my lessons at the White Griffon Academy? Besides, Vinea is one of the most picturesque cities in the Kingdom. You can't miss it."


"What about you, Kami?" Elina said.


"I'm fine." She lied through her teeth. 'I'm not jealous because Lith brought his ex here on a date almost ten years ago."


"She's not fine, right, baby?" Elina turned to Lith.


"Not by a long shot, Mom." He shook his head. "Maybe you should leave her your spot."


Elina sighed and let go of Lith's arm which Kamila promptly grabbed.


"Are you sure, Elina? We can go halfsies. You can take the left and I the right arm."


"It's fine." She lied through her teeth. "He is your husband. You take priority."


"Thank you." Kamila pretended to believe Elina and clung to Lith who gave her an amused smile.


'Not so cocky anymore, huh?" He said via a mind link.


I've already apologized yesterday and I'll do it again until you forgive me. I'm sorry for acting stupid and disregarding your feelings.' She replied.


'I already did.' Lith said in confusion. I was just pulling your leg. Yet I must admit it's nice


feeling desired."


Those words hurt more than any scolding could.


'Am I really taking him for granted?' Kamila thought. 'With the kids and all the crazy stuff that always happens, we don't have much time alone together but Lith makes me feel appreciated when we hang out like this. Why can't I do the same?"


"Wow, this place is amazing." Ripha said, snapping Kamila out of her worries.


The lagoon city of Vinea had been built after Menadion's time, when water and earth magic had progressed enough to make small wonders not only possible but also


common.


Vinea's uptown district was crescent shaped and faced the sea, giving every noble mansion and high-end establishment a majestic setting and direct access to the city's


waterways.


Water separated the city blocks, forming canals that could be crossed either by boat or using one of the many stone bridges connecting the roads. Thanks to the mastery of mages and engineers of the Kingdom, Vinea was a double layered city.


One at the ground level and the other at the water level.


Big and small boats were moored along the main canals, hosting restaurants, shops, and even small art exhibits. The walls along the waterways had been painted and decorated


over the centuries by itinerant artists.


Those the people of Vinea liked or that at least drew tourists, were carefully preserved


by using small arrays. The maintenance of the arrays was entrusted to the clerks of the local branch of the Mage Association or the students of the six great academies during their Code of Practice semesters.