Chapter 3424 Skull and Maw (Part 1)


Roghar used Xenagrosh's human name and the moniker very few were allowed to use, enraging her further.


"Too bad you are pathetically weak compared to your father." The Guardian's Mirror Spell overpowered its lesser twin with ease. Roghar sent the Chaos and Zero pillars against the Shadow Dragon, Corruption and Cinder at the Ogre, and Choke and Decay at the lost city.


All Abominations were weak against the darkness element but Dragons also suffered the cold greatly. The Cursed fire and earth elements countered Abthot's living half just like the air and light elements did for Auros.


The source of the immense might of the living legacy was his many hosts who were now dying in droves. Decay made them age into dust in the span of seconds while Choke made it impossible for them to breathe.


The Bringer of Unity could resurrect his inhabitant with time, but until that moment he would lose their mana cores and bloodline abilities.


"Shit!" Xenagrosh poured all of her mana into her spell but she was no match for Roghar. "Don't worry, I'm not going to kill you." The Fenrir said. "I'm just going to capture you. If I can't have Verhen, you will suffice. I'll uncover the secrets of true resurrection even if I have to dissect you."


She started to fly back, hurling a jet stream of Primordial Flames to weaken the Chaos and Zero before they hit her. The former atomized half her body from existence, the other half surviving only thanks to the troll core generating enough light element to neutralize the attack.


Yet that was what Zero was for.


Grievously injured and reduced to a fraction of herself, the cold wave had an easy time freezing the Shadow Dragon on the spot and trapping her in an ice coffin.


"Like fishing in a barrel." Roghar smiled as he collected the remains of the Shadow Dragon and the Ogre. "As for you..."


Auros was already done regenerating his physical form but now he had to deal with all the Cursed Elements at once instead of just two. The Bringer of Unity focused his powers, spells, and the countless bloodline abilities from his hosts, putting them all against the Guardian's might.


"Oh, please!" The Fenrir needed but a glance to recognize each and every spell and counter them to perfection. "I'm the Guardian of Mana, remember?"


Less than a second later. Auros was reduced to a burning pile of rubble desperately trying to rebuild itself.


"Stop embarrassing yourself. This is over." Roghar used his Elemental Flow ability to


weave dozens of arrays at once, forming a trap fueled by the same mana geyser that was supposed to empower the lost city and the Eldritches.


"When I'm done with you two and capture your Master, remind me to thank him, Zoreth." He said while focusing on the central nodes that would make his creation unbreakable. "If not for his brilliant research, I'd have no clue where to start mine


"Also, it was mighty kind of him delivering you to me on a silver platter. You should have never come to Jiera. Not after what your father did to-"


A solid punch to the jaw cut Roghar short and sent him tumbling on to the ground.


"Why wait?" The Master said while Tezka's tails pummelled at the Fenrir and his hands rescued his wounded companions. "I'm already here. If you want to talk let's talk."


"What? How?" Roghar, Fenagar, and Zagran said in unison.


The Fenrir was right there while the Leviathan and the Garuda were thousands of kilometers away in their respective turfs. Yet they could see the sun shining bright in the sky just as well as Tezka standing 50 meters (166') tall in his humanoid battle form.


"Suncater is the what." The Fylgja replied with a wide grin. "As for the how, I had a little help."


Right beside the shadow umbrella of the Suneater spell, the rest of the Divine Beast-Eldritches hybrids formed a dimensional array that redirected part of the sunlight that was supposed to move past Mogar.


The exit point of the array was immediately below the Suneater spell, making the localized solar eclipse impossible to detect.


"A brilliant trick. But easy to neutralize once I put my mind to it." Roghar noticed and disposed of the array with but a thought, plunging the area in an unnatural night. "I must say, I'm disappointed.


"Tezka the Suneater may be strong, but he didn't even put a dent on the barbarian sparrow. I didn't expect the fabled Master to be stupid enough to think a mere fox can beat a wolf. Let alone that you were nothing but another small man who thinks he can play god."


Bytra's cloaking devices made Vastor unrecognizable. Even from so up close, his mind, energy signature, and mana cores were sealed from the Guardian's probing. All Roghar could sense was that the Master was a human male.


"Playing is for children, mutt, and unlike you, I'm no child." Vastor replied. "I'm a professional and I let my work speak for me, god of mana."


The Master removed the helm of his Dominator armor, revealing part of the human features of his decoy body. Only a part because the Maw of Bytra covered the lower half


of his face.


Vastor removed it, fitting it inside the visor of a Yggdrasill helm before putting it on. "Mogar almighty." The three Guardians of Jiera said in unison as they recognized the


helm and watched Tezka wearing another identical to the Master's.


"Mogar has nothing to do with this, mutt. This is the Skull of Bytra." Vastor said as both his aura and Tezka's burst out with new power.


"I'm going to kill that fucker!" Zoreth was still shivering as Abthot helped the Dragon recover thanks to her plant side.


Then, they both locked the Maw in their own Skull and wore them.


The Fenrir charged at the Fylgja with his jaws open, going straight for the neck. Tezka read the mana current inside and outside the Guardian's body thanks to the Skull and dodged in the nick of time.


He delivered a right cross the side of Roghar's snout followed by a left uppercut which in turn was accompanied by Tezka's nine razor-sharp tails. Each one of them spun on itself at high speed and was aimed either at a vital organ or a nerve centre.


The Suneater needed just one tail to hit its mark in order to kill or incapacitate the Guardian.


"Do you really expect this to work? I'm offended by this charade!" The Fenrir snarled, blocking three of Tezka's tails with his own and catching another on the fly with his


maw.


Five tails reached their target but none managed to pierce through the thick fur of the wolf Guardian.


While all of Tezka's weight was still into the failed attack, Roghar bit off the captured tail and slashed with his frontal claws. It was merely a slap, but it sent the Fylgja flying back for almost 200 meters (656') and left deep marks on his armor.


"I'm not that idiotic sparrow." The Fenrir bared his fangs, twisting his snout in a contemptuous smile. "I'm not going to play with you until you pull out your best cards one by one. I've seen what you are capable of doing already."