Chapter 3425 Skull and Maw (Part 2)


Tezka's failed attack revealed the presence of a Davross armor covering the Guardian's body. The silver fur covered the metal and their almost identical color made the latter invisible unless the former was physically brushed aside.


"I may not have the sparrow regenerative abilities but you'll soon discover that the means at my disposal are in no way inferior. Take out that toothpick you call sword or I promise you'll regret it in the next five seconds."


"What about no?" By the time Tezka had recovered his footing, his Suneater armor had already completed its repairs.


The Fylgja charged forward again, covering his advance with a barrage of tier five Chaos Spells, Void Hunger.


"One. Roghar counted out loud without averting his eyes from Tezka.


He didn't dodge the attack and activated his Mana Body bloodline ability.


"Two" When the Fylgja entered Roghar's range, the Guardian shapeshifted into a humanoid form as well.


"Three." He took the Void Hungers head-on while blocking Tezka's nine tails with his arms and countering them with a solid frontal kick to the stomach.


"Four." While the Fylgja was still flying from the hit, the Guardian bolted in front of him and started pummelling Tezka in mid-air to keep him from touching the ground.


"Five." Vastor ended the countdown by unleashing a new version of his anti-Guardian spell, Chaos Annihilation, that not only swapped the darkness element with Chaos, but also the light element with Decay.


The Chaos Annihilation took Roghar by surprise and hit him square on the chest, sending him flying and allowing Tezka to recover his footing,


"What?" The anti-Guardian spell didn't dissipate upon hitting the Fenrir and kept piercing through his armor and fur until Roghar blasted it away with a spell of his own.


"Are you alright, Tezka?" The Master ignored the Guardian and turned to his ally like they were alone.


"Never been better. The constant flow of energy from the Suneater spell had already healed the Fylgja's wounds and repaired his armor. "Didn't expect the bastard to be so cowardly that he would pull out his best equipment right off the bat."


"Me neither but that's why we came here. To learn." Vastor said.


"Learn?" Roghar echoed in outrage, making the ground quake and the sky rumble in response to his fury. "You have the gall to challenge a Guardian just to perform one of your experiments? You dare think you'll get out of here alive?"


"Yes to both your questions." The Master replied while Tezka circled the Fenrir at


supersonic speed in search of an opening. "We have already defeated lleza, but she was still recovering from Tyris' beating and easy prey.


"The spar with Salaark gave us insight on our limits but it was the fight against the World Tree that revealed our weaknesses. Now that we have increased our strength again, what's better to test it out than fighting against a lesser Guardian?"


"A lesser Guardian?" Roghar's rage exploded and with it his Guardian Tier Spell, World Maw.


Twelve pillars of elemental energy, each shaped like a fang and as big as a mountain enveloped the area of the fight, slamming against each other multiple times like jaws munching at food.


"Oh, shit!" Tezka activated his Eldritch Tier Spell, Chaos Dimension, assuming control of space and gravity in its area of effect.


By adjusting his weight and the curvature of space, the Fylgja managed to split the World Maw wide open and protect the Master. At the same time, Tezka increased the Guardian's gravity by a thousand-fold and resumed his attack.


"Yes. A lesser Guardian." The Master nodded, his helm's visor twisting into a mocking smile. "Currently we don't have the strength to face the Guardians of Garlen or Zagran. That would have been suicidal.


"We needed someone strong enough to be a challenge but not so much it would be impossible to beat him by cheating a bit. The Guardians of Verendi are too lacking so our choice was between you and Fenagar"


While Vastor spoke, Tezka used the cover of Chaos Dimension to open and close countless dimensional corridors with each heartbeat. The entry points were near him while the exit points surrounded the Fenrir.


It gave Roghar no time to study them or predict where his attacks would appear were he to send them through the dimensional passageways. As their creator, however, Tezka had no such problem.


He knew where every single Warp Point led and exploited his advantage viciously. Cinder Steps bolstered the kinetic energy of his punches and kicks by dozens of times, exceeding even a Guardian's physical strength. Decay Steps exploded right after a spell crossed them, blinding the Guardian's Soul Vision and making it impossible for him to react before the spells struck him.


Corruption Steps imbued Tezka's tails with the Cursed element so that even after the King Wolf armor stopped them, the Corruption would infiltrate the artifact and Roghar's body with its destructive energy.


Zero Steps turned everything that passed through them into ice, making Tezka's spells fall to the ground. They wasted Roghar's focus and defenses since the Guardian reacted expecting them to hit, keeping him on his toes.


The spells were dormant, but the moment the Zero faded, they would explode with their full strength. Zero Steps worked as both a diversion and a minefield. Choke Steps, instead, were laid as traps.


Anything that entered them would come out in a different and mangled form after being twisted by the unstable dimensional energy. Tezka put their exit points near himself as bait, but the Fenrir didn't bite.


"Fenagar is a recluse and we had no way of luring him outside his lair without making too much fuss." Vastor continued. "You, instead, are arrogant and predictable.


"After the beating Leegaain gave you, I knew you couldn't resist the temptation to get even with him by experimenting on his precious daughter. You've made your interest in resurrection known and Zoreth is the one who's gotten the closest to it after Lith. I sent her here to lure you into a trap and you fell for it."


"We'll soon see who between us is the hunter and who is the prey, little man." Roghar kept flying back to escape the onslaught but even with Mana Body, the damage kept.


piling on.


'I must admit that this really is a brilliant plan. He thought. The human talks to distract me while Tezka focuses solely on attacking. On top of that, after that Chaos Annihilation, the mere presence of the human forces me to diver part of my focus on him. 'All he needs to do to be a threat is standing there and keeping me in the range of his spells! To make matters worse, Mana Body greatly increased Roghar's physical and magical resistance but as long as it was active, the Guardian couldn't cast new spells. Tezka chased the Fenrir Chaos Dimension followed its master, keeping the Guardian trapped. Turning Mana Body off while under such a heavy attack was a risk Roghar couldn't afford to take.


It was the reason he recalled World Maw and enveloped himself with it. With Tezka's senses and the Skull of Bytra blinded by the roaring mana flow of the spell, Roghar bought himself a precious moment of respite.