Chapter 3427 Skull and Maw (Part 4)


Abthot's monster half lacked powerful means of attack but she could use it to grant any of her allies the same regenerative abilities of a plant folk or, in the case of Xenagrosh's troll half, not to experience fatigue after instantly recovering from deadly wounds.


I actually had forgotten about you two!' Roghar inwardly cursed at himself and conjured his Guardian Weapon, the Maw.


A massive spear appeared from his pocket dimension, filling the air with an influx of world energy on par with the mana geyser below his feet. Its head was made of Davross while the haft was made from a single huge white crystal that was covered in Roghar's fur to give it a better grip and further amplify its power.


The Maw had been purified by the Origin Flames of an Elder Dragon, its power cores permanently boosted by Zagran's Life Maelstrom, and crafted by Roghar himself. Roghar didn't have Salaark's skill or technique, but thanks to his Elemental Flow bloodline ability, the enchantments of the artifact he crafted always reached their full potential.


He spun the haft in his hands, blocking Cosmic Devourer, Silverwing's Annihilation, and the Immortal Flames at the same time. Every movement of the spear created ripples in the surrounding world energy and turned it into runes.


The Maw channeled both Elemental Flow and body casting to weave spells and arrays as if it was part of Roghar's body. In the span of a slit second, the wolf Guardian had conjured an Annihilation to counter Vastor's spell, a tornado to scatter the Immortal Flames, and a mana blade that matched Cosmic Devourer.


On top of that, now that he had neutralized the incoming attacks, the Fenrir had started casting multiple spells to finish off all his enemies in one fell swoop.


When the Skull of Bytra read the massive mana flow surrounding the Fenrir and reported the complex mix of offensive and defensive spells to Tezka, the Fylgja sprung his trap.


A bolt of Chaos emerged from the forgotten, small Steps, carrying the Tier five Chaos spell, Shredding Wheel.


Roghar gasped in horror and released the offensive spells he already had at the ready, but it was too late. Two energy rings infused with Orulm's Break energy shattered his Spirit Barrier and struck at his armor.


The Fenrir's spells managed to destroy the first ring but the second had already neutralized the protective enchantments of the Wolf King armor and was now biting at the Guardian's flesh.


Shredding Wheel only needed to erase a few runes to neutralize most enchantments of the Davross armor and turn it into a useless lump of metal. The Break-infused ring then easily pierced through Roghar's flesh and injected its remaining strength straight into


his life force.


Even a small section of Roghar's essence being erased from existence weakened his body, lowered his intelligence, and crippled his bloodline abilities. The protective layers he had so masterfully erected were now beyond his means and he failed to control them.


The Immortal Flames, the Annihilation, and Cosmic Devourer hit at the same time, combining their effects. The emerald flames ate at Mana Body, stripping the Guardian of the only powerful defense he had left.


The Annihilation pierced through Roghar's chest and vaporized a good part of his left lung, sealing his breathing technique.


The Blade Tier Spell opened a deep wound from the Fenrir's left hip to his right shoulder. If not for the Guardian's innate regenerative powers, the two halves would have fallen in opposite directions.


"You idiot!" Fenagar cursed at the Fenrir while opening a dimensional passage straight into the wolf Guardian's turf. "Have you forgotten who Tezka is? There's a reason if for hundreds of years the Awakened believed the Fylgjas to be summoners!"


Long ago, before the Guardians, dimensional magic didn't exist, and neither did storage amulets. When Tezka invented dimensional magic, he kept it a secret from everyone but the members of his clan.


Seeing the Fylgjas conjure objects out of thin air and summoning allies at a moment's notice made the Awakened community believe that Summon Magic was a thing. That somehow, Tezka and his clan could access parallel dimensions and move through realities freely.


Of course, the Suneater had never denied such claims nor explained the origin of his powers, making a fool out of the entire Mogar longer than anyone was willing to admit or record in the pages of history.


Only after listening to Fenagar's words did Roghar notice the several small dimensional openings that Tezka had left open under the cover of Chaos Dimension and tracked them to their origin point.


In the distance, Nandi the Minotaur conjured and accumulated world energy, feeding it to those who needed it through the small Steps whenever they needed it. Right beside him stood Orulm the Breaker.


The Eldritch focused and accumulated his powers while concealing his presence to the best of his abilities.


"That's how the three Eldritches recovered so quickly despite my nigh-absolute control over the mana geyser! The Fenrir too cursed himself for not noticing it sooner. 'Still, this isn't over. Now that I know their trick and with Fenagar's help, we can wipe them out quickly.'


The Leviathan appeared at the edges of Chaos Dimension so as not to be engulfed in


whatever trap Tezka might have set for Roghar and absorb the necessary energy to unleash Doom Tide.


'Without world energy, Eldritches are nothing. He thought. 'All I have to worry about are the Dragon's Immortal Flames and the man's Spirit Magic.


Alas, upon his arrival there was no world energy to draw upon.


"Hello, Father. Did you miss me?" Hushar the Leviathan roared as he charged at Fenagar.


His colossal serpentine body was wrapped around Nelia the Griffon like a living armor as they combined their bloodline abilities. Hushar released the world energy he had patiently accumulated until that moment into a powerful Doom Tide.


Yet instead of emitting it in the form of an energy dome, Hushar passed it onto Nelia. The Griffon used the Life Maelstrom stored in her body to beat the Doom Tide into submission before amplifying and channeling it into her mouth.


Then, Nelia combined the Doom Tide with her Light Raider bloodline ability to conjure a Doom Blast. The energy was the same as the Doom Tide but focused in a single beam compressed by a hard-light construct that spun at high speed, giving both of them great piercing power.


The Doom Blast struck Fenagar at point-blank range and carried enough destructive power to send the Guardian hurtling down to the ground with a bent Davross armor and


a cracked skull.


A single Doom Tide or any single bloodline ability was nothing for a Guardian, but with both Hushar and Nelia infused with Life Maelstrom, the resulting highly compressed attack was much greater than the simple sum of its parts.


To make matters worse, Fenagar was still recoiling and recovering from the impact with the Doom Blast when the second step of the ambush swooped down on him. Eycos the Garuda and Kigan the Black Phoenix had kept themselves at a great distance from the fight. They had waited for their moment high in the sky enough to escape the detection of the Guardians of Jiera but close enough to cover the distance with a single Chaos Steps.