Chapter 3428 United Front (Part 1)


The area surrounding the fight was still devoid of world energy due to the Doom Blast but placing the exit point nearby was enough. The two Divine Beasts-Eldritches exploited gravity to bolster their already astounding speed and reach their target like a living missile.


Bolts of silver lightning covered Eycos' whole body while Kigan's was aflame due to his bloodline ability, Molting Essence. It turned the Black Phoenix into a living mass of Origin Flames and made him immune to physical attacks.


The Garuda and the Black Phoenix were separated only by a few meters, the energy of one seeping into the other. The silver bolts of Life Maelstrom turned red while the edges of the Origin Flames burned white, slowly merging into one.


The Life Maelstrom and the Origin Flames fused, turning the Phoenix and the Garuda into a single mass of living plasma.


Kigan's Molting Essence and Eycos' Lightning Body fused and so did their bodies as they unleashed their combined bloodline ability, Voltic Essence. The resulting colossal energy bird rammed against the still-stunned Leviathan Guardian.


Voltic Essence was pure energy that pierced through Fenagar's Spirit Barriers and phased through his body, damaging him inside as much as outside. After the first swoop, Kigan and Eycos turned around for a second attack in a split second.


Their mastery of flight made them fast, Life Maelstrom made them faster, and not having a physical form made them ignore things like air resistance and friction. Voltic Essence ravaged the Leviathan ten times in a single second, giving him no time to recover. The multiple Skulls of Bytra formed a network that read the flows of world energy and mana in the area from multiple observation points. Together they processed the data and discarded the redundant information, lowering the strain on the single Eldritch's focus and mind.


Thanks to the Skulls' precise readings, Eycos and Kigan could anticipate Fenagar's every attempt at dodging or retaliating and counter them all without ever slowing down.


Voltic Essence moved so fast that the only thing visible was a streak of lightning and hit so hard that it left a trail of ozone and charred meat in its wake.


"Fenagar!" Roghar coughed out a mouthful of blood, using the Maw spear to fuel his spell and make up for his crippled body. "You are going to pay for this, Zoreth! I don't care about taking you alive anymore. I'm done playing!"


A burst of his will and a torrent of mana restored the Searing Destruction and sent it on a collision course with the Suneater. The spell was big enough to envelop the Fylgja whole and erase him from existence.


No matter how strong the other Eldritches were, Tezka was still the strongest among


them and without him their battle formation was bound to capitulate.


"Too bad. I was just starting to have fun!" The Suneater ignored his looming end and focused on controlling Cosmic Devourer,


He diverted solely a sliver of his attention to conjure two more dimensional openings. "Coming through!" The first one formed right beside him, transporting the golden and silver figure of Theseus the Bastet-Meneos hybrid.


His colossal humanoid body glowed with the golden light of the Mana Body bloodline ability and sparked with the silver lightning with which Nelia had infused him.


Theseus charged straight at the Searing Destruction, leaving Tezka to deal with the Guardian.


The Guardian Tier Spirit Spell was much bigger than the Bastet so, the moment before the impact, he released a deep breath and shrouded himself in a thick layer of Primordial Flames.


Zoreth had learned the secrets of Origin Flames from Valtak and shared them with the rest of his companions, mentoring Kigan and Theseus in the same way the Father of Fire had done for her.


The three bloodline abilities supported and strengthened each other so when the Bastet. and Searing Destruction met, the Spirit Spell stopped its advance for a second. Then, it resumed moving forward, no matter how hard Theseus struggled.


Primordial Flames ate at the Searing Destruction, reducing its strength, while Mana Body made the Bastet impervious to all forms of energy. Life Maelstrom strengthened his body and mana core tenfold, yet it wasn't enough.


The Divine Beast-Eldritch hybrid and the spell were apparently clashing but in reality, it was a one-sided beatdown. Theseus' body was constantly vaporized by Searing Destruction and regenerated by his Meneos half.


After all, he was standing over the fertile ground of a mana geyser. It boosted both his halves and fueled his recovery abilities, Searing Destruction incinerated the equivalent of dozens of Divine Beast-Eldritch hybrids in the span of a second but Theseus healed just as fast.


The pain fueled his fury which in turn boosted his Primordial Flames. He leaned against the emerald sphere so as to keep his feet, the true source of his regenerative abilities, as far away from the walking death as possible.


"Fuck it!" Theseus was buying time, and time was against the two Guardians.


With no other option, Roghar detonated the Searing Destruction. The blast weakened the other attacks he was suffering and ripped the Meneos to shreds. At the last moment, when he felt he couldn't hold out any longer, Theseus focused his three bloodline abilities on his small toe.


The Primordial Flames, Life Maelstrom, and Mana Body formed a protective cocoon


around a part of his body smaller than a man. A small part of his body which survived the onslaught and regenerated into a full Bastet before the dust could settle.


"You should have listened to your own warning, Fenagar." Tezka said. "I'm a summoner, remember?" The second dimensional opening appeared near the struggling Leviathan, at the borders with the mana geyser where the world energy had already been replenished. A second Shredding Wheel, bigger and denser than the first, came out of the Steps, and this time they both hit their mark. The two Break-infused rings dug their way to the middle of Fenagar's serpentine body and then spread like poison.


His armor lost its enchantments, his bloodline abilities failed him, and the spells he kept at the ready faded as the mana that carried them broke down. Fenagar was no fighter


and without his magic, he was just prey.


"Tired already, old man?" Theseus produced countless vines infused with Mana Body that wrapped themselves around the two Guardians and restricted them.


"Prepare for Plan E. Vastor said via a network of minuscule Spirit Fissures he used to communicate with his Eldritches despite the distance.


"Acknowledged." The Eldritches replied as they Warped to the Guardians and released


the means to capture them.


Xenagrosh in particular took a series of deep breaths to focus and recover from the abuse of Immortal Flames.


"Enough of this madness!" Zagran the Garuda fell from the sky like a meteor.


She hadn't stood idly but finishing her preparations had taken her time. The Mother of All Garudas knew that Orulm could attack more than twice with Break and didn't want to fall for an ambush like her conceited allies.


She had first Warped at a safe distance from the fight and then covered the rest by flight while preparing her spells and studying everything with Soul Vision before making her


opening move.