Chapter 3433 Summoner Clan (Part 2)


"In time, all Fylgjas will have ten tails and be strong enough to prevent the atrocities of the past from repeating themselves. It won't erase my crimes or shame but my legacy won't be one of slaughter and madness anymore."


Tezka's bodies shapeshifted into small fox cubs that sneaked under the blankets and replaced the plushies in the children's arms. Even in their sleep, Frey and Filia felt the softer fur and the warmth of the Suneater and held him tight to their chests.


"No one shall hurt you again. No one!"


***


Blood Desert, Salaark's palace, at the same time.


A few days had passed since Lith had left with his mother and sisters, Aran and Leria came to the Desert every day for the magical lessons and even though they missed their mothers, they were happy children.


Rena and Elina called at least two times a day and Raaz and Senton were excellent fathers. In a way, Aran and Leria considered it an extension of their vacation, just without Lith and with a few extra chores.


Salaark was caring host and a loving grandmother, making sure they lacked nothing while under her care. The Phoenixes loved Aran and Leria and the kids kept being at the top of their class.


Yet there was something irking Aran ever since he had returned home from the family trip with his big brother.


I'm already seven years old and have a bright yellow core.' He thought as he walked briskly toward Salaark's office. 'Auntie Solus was Awakened at six and she was already stronger than me while Lith self-Awakened even earlier.


'Even though I can already use Light Mastery, compared to them I am nothing. I've received magic lessons since a young age whereas Big Brother learned everything by himself.


'He didn't receive any help until he joined the academy whereas I have him, Auntie Solus, Onyx, and the magic classes in the Desert. It's time to swallow my pride and ask for a bit more help.'


The young man politely nodded at the silk curtain, producing a sound similar to hardwood.


"Come in, sweetie." Aran waited a few seconds after Salaark answered to pull the curtain aside and enter the office. "What can I do for you?"


She had finished the meeting with the other Guardians for a while and was already swamped with paperwork. She barely raised her eyes from the swarm of documents flying around her mahogany desk.


Some she signed, others she wrote, changed, or read before replying to them. Her Feathers took care of the local administration of the single tribes but the Mother of All Phoenixes dealt with the bureaucracy of the Blood Desert single-handedly.


"I need your help to Awaken, Grandma." Aran said, making her blink multiple times in rapid succession and the papers freeze in mid-air. "If I wait until I reach the deep green, I might get hurt or worse."


"I know and I'm sorry, but I can't help you." Salaark could smell Aran's fear and read it on his small pale face. "I don't Awaken my children, let alone those of others and without the consent of their parents."


"No, Grandma, you got it wrong. I don't need your help for that. Big Brother already explained the secret of Awakening to me."


"He did?" The Guardian furrowed her brows, finding such reckless behavior hard to believe from someone as careful as Lith.


"Better not to make assumptions. Aran is terrible with words.' She thought.


"Yes" Aran nodded with pride, shattering the image of Lith Salaark had in her head. "He told me that the secret is feeling your own mana, feeling the world energy, and merging them together to form a mana flow."


"Oh, that!" The Guardian sighed in relief as she took back all the bad things she had just thought about. Lith. "But sweetie, that's no secret. That's something anyone in an Awakened family knows. Awakening is a bit harder than that."


It was no different than saying that all it takes to be a cardiothoracic surgeon is to crack someone's chest open, fix the problem, and close them up. Between doing and saying there was a gap bigger than most oceans.


"I know." Aran replied. "But since Auntie Solus is not here and I can't access the tower, you are the greatest source of world energy I know. I mean, you are the coolest and most powerful person on Garlen, aren't you?"


"Flattery will take you a long way, dear." Salaark chuckled while caressing his head. "What do you need from me, then? I'm listening."


"I would like to train in your office, if it doesn't bother you, Grandma." Aran said while fiddling with his fingers.


"That's it? You want a corner of the room to practice magic near me?" She asked, obtaining a nod in reply. "Pick any spot you like. Anywhere but in front or behind my desk. That's where my guests and I sit."


"I'm not stupid, Grandma. I know that." Aran pouted obtaining a double cheek pinch in apology.


"A real mage has no time to pout, young man. Get to work so I can go back to work." Salaark waited for Aran to sit cross-legged in a corner of the room before creating a powerful Hush Zone that would keep sounds, smells, and the flickering of lights out.


No one and nothing could now disturb Aran's focus and the presence of the Guardian and the mana geyser guaranteed an abundant flow of world energy.


'Big Brother breathes when he uses his Awakened powers.'Aran tried to imitate Lith but had no idea what a breathing technique was.


'Stupid Aran!" He thought after several minutes of failed attempts. If breathing were enough, all Crystalsmiths would have Awakened simply by working in the mines. Let's try something else."


And he did. Aran conjured all elements by using magic words first, then hand signs, and lastly with perfect silent chore magic. Then he tried and failed to conjure all the upper tier spells he knew with his mind.


"It's snack time, sweetie." Salaark offered him a pot of honeyed tea and some biscuits.


"Good gods, Grandma. You scared me!" Aran yelped in reply, falling on his back from fright. "Wait, snack time? Like halfway through lunch? Where did the last two hours go?" "Yes." She nodded. "You were so focused that you mustn't have noticed the passage of time. Magic requires energy. Eat."


She was right. During classes, food was often offered in between lessons. The brain needed sugar and the body energy to replenish the mana consumed.


"I'm not hungry." Aran tried to sound cool and aloof like his brother but his stomach growled in disapproval. "I don't want to offend you, though. Thanks, Grandma." "You're welcome, dear." Salaark smiled as Aran wolfed down the biscuits and washed them down with the tea. "If you need seconds, just let me know."


With a wounded pride and full stomach, Aran resumed his practice.


'Okay, Great. I've done what everyone before me did and failed just like them.' He


inwardly grumbled. "Think, Aran, think. What would Lith do? No, wait, this is another stupid move. Big Bro is already an Awakened.'