Chapter 3456 Elemental Storage (Part 1)


"Once the Mana Injector collects the necessary data on a specific natural treasure, I can turn what others consider a unique or hard to come by ingredients into a basic component for my research."


"Damn, that's brilliant, Ripha!" Raaz said.


"Thank you. On top of that, since I was as paranoid as any mage with a tower, I also used the Mana Injector to check if a geyser I considered hidden had actually been discovered and had regular visitors.


"I used to leave behind the natural treasures I had already moved to the Greenhouse and if I didn't find them upon my return, I knew that someone had been there during my absence."


"Can the Mana Injector help Awakening a specific area as it happened to the White Griffon's Forest?" Solus asked.


"In theory, yes." Menadion replied. "But I never used it like that. First, the process would have taken at least a few years. I never stayed that long in the same place and even if we did... you know."


She pointed at herself and Solus while nodding at the kids.


"Second, it would have been a bad move. An Awakened forest promotes the evolution of animals into magical beasts who in turn evolve into Emperor Beasts and steal my stuff. Why should I increase the number of my competitors?"


Abominus and Onyx grunted but said nothing to Ripha.


"It is a good idea for you, Lith." Onyx said. "It would increase the number and power of your allies in the Trawn Woods and you can always give our tribes what you don't need. Awakening the woods would make our tribes less reliant on you and lighten your burden."


"You make an excellent point, Onyx." He nodded. "I'll give it some thought but I make no promises. Not because I don't trust Reaper and the other Kings but because as Ripha said, the process takes a long time and I have things to do I can't afford to delay!"


He avoided referring to Orpal just like Menadion had done about her and Solus' demise. The children had gotten used to the ugly side of Mogar, but that didn't mean they had to be subjected to it any more than was absolutely necessary.


"Time is not a problem." Abominus replied. "Even if the Trawn Woods don't Awaken in this generation or the next, just starting the process will bring endless benefits to our clans and Lutia."


After everyone was done taking a look at the different screens and potential natural treasures, Solus led them upstairs, past the living quarters.


The door to the Bleed was locked and even though many looked at the unknown floor in


confusion, Solus said nothing.


"I'm pretty sure this floor wasn't here the last time you gave us a tour, Solus." Raaz said. "What does it do?"


The members of the Verhen family rarely took the stairs and Warped themselves straight to the floor they wanted to reach thanks to their access to the tower's basic functions. Solus could have skipped the Bleed with a Warp, but the Verhens would have noticed the extra floor anyway and it would have just made them more curious,


"Yes, it's a new floor, Dad, but it's not one of those the tower recovered after I reached the deep violet core. Please, don't ask me questions about it. I'm not ready to talk about it yet. Just know that it helped me and shamed me in equal measure."


"You showed us the Thievery yet this floor is so disgraceful you don't want to even talk about it?" Elina asked, her eyes moving to Ripha along with those of the rest of the family.


"Yes, Elina." Menadion replied. "This floor is probably the most disgusting and revolting thing I've ever done in my long life. I take full responsibility for it so please don't blame my daughter for her naïve attempt to shield me from your judgment.


"Know that I don't regret it, and I'd do it a hundred times over because, without this floor, my Epphy wouldn't be here today!"


"I understand." Elina nodded and dragged Aran away from the door before he could do or say something.


'Still, you and I should talk about it.' Lith said via the mind link.


'What's to talk about? You already know what the Bleed does and how it works. Solus inwardly sighed. I'm ashamed to say, but after my breakthrough, the Bleed is now larger and can host even more prisoners.


'If I'm right, the life force extraction speed has improved as well:


"That's what I want to talk about. Lith replied. 'We should capture a few dead-or-alive wanted criminals and shove them in the Bleed.'


'Are you serious?' Solus and Ripha both froze for a split second as they climbed the stairs of the tower.


Yet while horror tensed Solus' muscles, for Ripha it was mere curiosity.


'I am. He nodded. 'We could use a full tank of life force or two. It would allow you to move away from me without risks and give us both a contingency plan in case you get severely wounded.


"The tower would use the Bleed to heal you without the need to drain me. It would increase my chances of survival and yours of not being forced to look for another host." Do you expect me to be okay with squeezing people like oranges and drinking their life


forces as juice?' Solus' eyes steeled and her steps became a little heavier with outrage. 'Not people, outlaws.' Lith reminded her of their recent conversation with the King. Individuals who have lost the right to live and are bound to die like dogs anyway. At least we'd give their filthy existences a purpose.'


'Lith, this is-"


'I completely agree with him.' Menadion cut. Solus short. 'Even one tank can make the difference between life and death. It would allow you not to bleed energy the moment you step away from Lith or the tower is away from a mana geyser, Solus.


'It would hasten the recovery of your life force and let you have a normal life even if you two are separated for a while.'


How can you call "normal" a life that requires me to feed on other living beings, Mom?" Solus replied with fury.


'It's called "eating", dear.' Menadion replied, her mind as cold as her eyes. 'Plants, animals, and humans feed on other living beings. Also, I'm not asking you to capture and sacrifice people, but criminals who have done much worse to their own kind.'


'I understand what you say and know the Kingdom's law but it still feels wrong.' Solus


replied.


'Does it?' Lith asked. 'What about those like Meln or the scum we found in the bowels of the Golden Griffon? Do you have mercy for them too?"


'No, I would kill them on the spot.' Solus inwardly shook her head. 'But I'd still refuse to


have that trash become a part of me. I would be afraid to be tainted by their essence.'


Lith and Menadion decided to drop the subject. They both could feel that Solus' emotions were running high and there was no point in discussing while she was unwilling to listen.