Chapter 3458 The Infirmary (Part 1)


"You took countless people in as your apprentices, Mom." Solus said. "There was bound to be more than one rotten apple among them. Lith, instead, only took in people who not only are his friends, but have also proven themselves through tough situations over and over."


"Thank you, sweetie." Menadion hugged her. "What do you say we move on to the last new floor?"


"Gladly." Lith stood up from the stone throne and the absorption of Spirit Magic stopped immediately.


On the one hand, he felt relieved there was no resistance to leave the extraction point but on the other hand, he was appalled there was just enough emerald liquid to form a thin layer that covered the bottom of the tank.


"Is it normal there is so little?" He tapped at the glass-like surface.


"Yes." Menadion replied. "As I said, it takes time, especially when you keep the extraction rate low. Spirit Magic is the hardest to accumulate because it takes your time and energy.


"I had your same problem. I never knew when I might need my strength and couldn't afford to become exhausted just to fill a tank a day or two earlier."


"I couldn't agree more." Lith sighed.


'With my cracked life force and the shit that always happens to me, I better take things nice and easy until I find the perfect balance between speed and safety!


The changes to the other floors were minimal. The Library now had more space and could store more tomes, just like Soluspedia. The Prime Engine's five stone pedestals were finally complete and hummed with power.


Yet to test its capabilities, Solus and Lith needed a wide space and a worthy opponent.


The Grimoire had its efficiency and speed increased while the Mirror Hall could now observe previously occupied mana geysers from a great distance. Lith and Solus could see everything taking place in the vicinity of the mana geysers they had imprinted in the Blood Desert.


The Heart could now store one more permanent array and the Firing Range could now conjure more spells at the same time. It increased the number of people who could train there and the offensive power of the tower in all of its forms.


"This is the Infirmary." The new floor was right below the Greenhouse and above the Firing Range.


The room reminded Lith of one of the intensive care wards of the White Griffon but


with a few important differences. There were no beds, only one cylindrical tank made of translucent white crystals connected to the floor and ceiling through countless small and big cables.


Five stone pedestals surrounded the tank, each shaped according to one of the pieces of Menadion's set. A large holographic interface covered the north wall and was currently displaying blank screens filled with zeros and flatlines.


A complex array that Lith recognized as a hybrid between healing and dimensional magic spun above and below the tank, glowing rhythmically.


"Cool!" The kids said in unison, approaching the center of the room.


"Is this the Healer version of the Prime Engine?" Aran asked while placing his hands on the tank to peer inside.


The contact triggered the Eyes which started to analyze the boy and then the Ears. The information garnered by the two pieces of the Menadion Set was relayed on the screens that now displayed Aran's heart rate, brain activity, organs functionality, blood pressure, mana flow, and the configuration of his life force.


The violet array lit up, conjuring a force field that sealed Aran inside and everyone else


out.


"Don't worry!" Ripha replied to the boy's half worried and half apologetic look. "The Infirmary is just performing a routine scan. Give it a few seconds."


Menadion had yet to finish talking when the collected data was arranged into an orderly column followed by the prognosis.


"Mana core: Awakened and intact." Aran read out loud. "Life force: 99% human, 0.5% Dragon, 0.5% Phoenix. Probability of bloodline awakening, 0.1%? Is this true, Grandpa? How can a 1% Divine Beast blood have only a 0.1% chance of awakening his bloodline? Shouldn't it be at least 1%?"


Leegaain could see the pain in the young boy's eyes but the Guardian always preferred the cold truth to a comforting lic.


"Yes, child. As a deep green core recently Awakened, your chance of awakening your bloodline is negligible." He said while cleaning his glasses. "Once your body grows stronger and your mana core more powerful, your chances will increase as well." "Thanks, Grandpa." Aran sighed in relief before reading the rest. "No life force defect detected. No wound detected. Perfect health. No further action is recommended."


The dimensional array powered down as quickly as it had activated. Aran stepped away just in time for Leria to put her hands on the crystal.


"What about me?" The process started again and bore the same results.


"I'm 1% a Divine Beast too!" She cheered with joy. "My chances of awakening my bloodline are the same as Aran's."


"How is it possible?" The boy asked, equally happy for his rival and disappointed for not being special.


"Because Divine Beast blood is very stubborn. Salaark replied. "A single generation isn't enough to weaken it. It's the reason the Royals still have silver eyes. On top of that, you can't dilute it more than that, sweetie. No offense."


"None taken." Aran suddenly didn't feel confident about becoming a Demon anymore but looking at his older brother and sister gave him hope.


"I built this room to prevent. Epphy from suffering the same fate as my husband." Menadion moved through the room, caressing the different surfaces with tenderness. "It can spot any birth defect.


"Any anomaly in the life force of the patient and can even find the best course of treatment with Body Sculpting, guiding the Healer step by step. I poured into the Infirmary every ounce of my talent as a Forgemaster and the knowledge I learned from Yaga. The Hands-"


"Hold that thought!" After handing Leria to Senton, Rena put her hands on the glass


case.


"Mana core: dormant and intact. Life force: 99% human, 0.5% Dragon, 0.5% Phoenix. Probability of bloodline awakening, 1%. No life force defect detected. No wound detected. Perfect health. No further action is recommended." When she read the last.


part, Rena was on the verge of tears.


"Thank the gods. Faluel didn't lie. She fixed me. She fixed me for good. I can have more


children."


"Why are you crying, Mommy?" Falco asked, obtaining a bear hug in reply.


"It's nothing, baby. Mommy is just happy."


'I would like to thank big sis for the vote of confidence and trust in my skills as a


Healer, but I guess it's better if I shut up.'Lith thought. 'Only Mom knows how Rena


must have felt all these years.


As if to prove his point, Elina went right after Rena. The only difference was that the Infirmary perceived Elina's life force as 99% human and 1% Dragon.


"Thank you, sweetie." Elina hugged Lith, sobbing.


"Don't mention it, Mom." He said while returning the embrace.


"Thank you, Ripha." Rena said while still carrying Falco in her arms. "Faluel, Tista, and


Lith told me I was cured from the Strangler but until today I couldn't get rid of the fear I might pass it on my next child."