Chapter 3462 Shared Madness (Part 1)


"Yet only the World Tree can open a channel with the Sapling through the network. World Saplings can communicate between themselves except via amulets like we do." Aalejah said.


"Saplings can only use the network to contact the current Tree, and only if the Yggdrasill allows it. They spend their entire lives under the scrutiny of the Tree which uses the acquired knowledge to select their successor.


"At that point, a special link is formed between the current and future World Tree. When for whatever reason the Yggdrasill decides to pass the torch, usually madness or fear of death, they transmit their entire memory to their heir and with it the power to spark the transformation of a World Sapling into a World Tree."


"I still don't see how this is relevant for us, kid." Menadion scoffed. "Is there really a point to this story or do you just love the sound of your voice?"


"Of course there's a point! Yet without context, I can't explain the current situation to you in a way you can understand it." Aalejah said in outrage.


"Then prove it." Ripha replied. "And make it short."


'Do I really piss people off this much when I ramble? The elf was stunned by the blatant annoyance and disrespect shown by the First Ruler of the Flames. Judging by Kamila's grin, I'd say yes.'


"Fine!" She actually said. "When you killed the old World Tree, there was no heir hence no special link. All the channels between the Yggdrasill and the Saplings were equally open and connected.


"Do you see how this is relevant for you now, Menadion?"


"Not really." Ripha shrugged. "We get it. The World Tree's consciousness got scattered among the Saplings. So what? I don't see how this is our problem. After what that mold-infested piece of bark did to Solus, it can disappear for all I care."


"This is your problem because you don't understand how deep the issue is." Aalejah retorted. "The World Tree knew most of Mogar's secrets. Like the blueprint of your tower or the most heinous but effective Forbidden Spells.


"Or the fact that Solus is actually Elphyn Menadion and she possesses your tower. The Yggdrasill and I were there when M'Rael kidnapped Solus and then Lith fused with her, remember?"


"Fuck me sideways!" Lith said.


"Fuck you sideways indeed." Aalejah nodded. "But wait, it gets worse. Not only have the Yggdrasill's fragments of knowledge and power been scattered randomly, but also the agony of their death."


"I beg your pardon?" Kamila asked.


"As I would have explained if Menadion had given me the time, a Sapling is supposed to inherit solely the memories of the Tree. All the past emotions, regrets, grudges, and feelings are purged during the transfer so that the new Yggdrasill isn't burdened by the madness and biases of their predecessor.


"When Lith killed the World Tree, he didn't give them the time to pass on their memories while retaining their emotions. Each fragment contains a shard of the knowledge of the dead Tree and the echo of whatever brought them to kidnap Solus."


Lith raised his hand to talk but Aalejah stopped him.


"But wait, it gets even worse. The memories each fragment carries over are different but they have one thing in common. They remember the moment of the old Tree's death. Which means that every World Sapling that received them hates and fears you, Lith.


"They remember your grin while you plunged your sword into their trunk, the last words you told them, and the pain from your Extinction spell as it tore them apart from root to leaf.


"Now, imagine what might happen if driven by the madness and hate for you the Saplings decide to mobilize. If they use their knowledge to empower the plant folk living in their branches and send them after you.


"Even worse, what if the Saplings offer their support to Meln?"


"Not only would he gain immediate access to a bunch of madness-driven powerful beings who'd gladly become his Thralls, minions, or whatever he calls those who drink his blood." Lith replied.


"Meln would also be able to use the plant folk Gate Network. He and his forces could move freely throughout Garlen and no one would ever notice their movements because plant folks keep no logs.


"The World Saplings control access to the plant's Gate Network and answer no one but themselves."


"Correct." Aalejah held her own head in frustration. "There would also be the matter of the elves needing a World Tree to live and Awaken. Of how the Yggdrasill's existence is probably necessary for Mogar's balance, but I doubt you give a single crap about that." "You bet I don't." Lith nodded. "Yet there's something you are not telling me. All Chroniclers died when the World Tree turned them into his Wooden Puppets and you never climbed the ranks past Chronicler candidate. How do you know all this?"


"Isn't it obvious?" Aalejah said with a scoff.


Lith looked around the table, trying to understand if it really was obvious and he was the only one missing the elf's point.


Judging by Kami's, Solus, and Ripha's dumbfounded faces I'd say I'm in excellent company.' He thought.


"A Sapling told me." Aalejah answered the question before Lith could ask again. "The poor sap, pun intended, contacted me through the Awakened Council. Of course, I didn't believe a word they said until I paid them a visit and they told me things only the real World Tree could know."


"What did they want?" Ripha asked, now intrigued by the sudden turn of events.


"They wanted me to contact you, Lith, and convince you to come to them. The World Sapling overseeing the root city of Esor needs you."


"For what purpose?" Lith had already met a Sapling back in Laurel.


The dying Fae had gone mad just like the late World Tree and had almost killed Lith and most of his friends in their quest for immortality. Lith knew how dangerous a Sapling was and stepping into a potentially death trap was far from alluring.


"The Sapling refused to tell me." Aalejah shook her head. "The only thing I know is that they need your help. The Sapling told me that if you accept, they'll give you the means to track all the other fragments.


"Once you have them, resurrecting the Yggdrasill bloodline or extinguishing it forever will be up to you and only you."


"I need time to think and discuss the issue." Lith replied.


"Take all the time you want." Aalejah said. "Just remember that just like Esor, there are crazy Saplings everywhere. The longer you wait, the greater the risk they succumb to the madness and do something we'll regret for centuries to come."


Lith brought the others to an insulated room and summoned the rest of his Demons. They were all with their families but they answered the call the moment they felt it via


the black chains connecting them to Lith.


A quick mind link brought them up to speed.


"Like it or not, I have to do this." Lith sighed. "The question is: how do I make sure this isn't a trap devised by the remnants of the World Tree to kill me?"