Chapter 3466 In the Bark (Part 1)


"The shard of the Yggdrasill's power will act as your compass and guide you to the next closest fragment." The Sapling said. "The essence of the World Tree was never supposed to scatter and each shard wants to become whole again."


"This is not the choice about which I warned you, but it's a choice. A choice you'll have to make time and time again with every fragment you collect. I know you hate us, Verhen. That you hate me for what I- the World Tree did to you and your friend.


"I'm not asking for mercy because I deserve none. I won't blame you if you decide to use the blue flames on me because I inherited your resentment along with the destiny of the Yggdrasill bloodline.


"I say this again for all of you who today stand witness. Feela, Lotho, Dir. Whatever Verhen does, don't seek revenge on my behalf. Even if he chooses to use the Dread Flames and I end up crippled or dead, it's not his fault. Is it clear?"


"Crippled or dead?" The Sovereign of Esor echoed.


"Cutting off a portion of my life force that has already taken root is bound to be dangerous, old friend. Even if Verhen uses all his talent and care as a Healer, I will still be mutilated. Not even the fragment of World Tree I possess knows what will happen. "Now, answer my question."


"I'll let everyone know." Dir replied.


"The Council bear witness." Feela and Lotho said.


"Good." The World Sapling focused his attention on Lith. There was no physical sign of it, yet it was impossible to miss the sudden shift in the world energy's pressure. "You can also choose to walk away, Verhen.


"I offer you no reward and maybe the idea of the World Tree suffering for all eternity sounds like a much better outcome to you. Yet know this. I've resisted the temptation to share my accursed knowledge and put it into practice, but as you've seen, my mind is slipping."


Lith nodded, the barrage of Forbidden Spells safely conjured by the Sapling a few minutes earlier had shocked him to the bone.


"The same stands for all the other fragments. Their vessels might have already fallen to the temptation to use such knowledge for themselves or spread it to their followers. You can either purge this plague while it's still in its infancy or let it spread.


"In the end, it's your choice."


"Nonsense! I can use Body Sculpting like anybody else." Dir the Redcap said and the Council representatives nodded. "I can heal you. We can heal you."


"No. you can't" Esor replied. "You can cut the fragment off. sure, but how will von


contain it? How will you keep it from infecting you the moment you pull it out? More importantly, how will you purge the madness and hate it holds?"


"Xenagrosh?" Feela turned to the Shadow Dragon.


"I'm confident I can consume the fragment." She replied. "Preserving it is another story. Purging it is beyond my abilities."


Everyone turned towards Lith.


"I'll do it." He replied. "Now, teach me how to use my Dread Flames."


"Thank you." The Sapling said. "I'm ready to die but I want to live. I won't forget your kindness."


'Kindness my scaly ass. Lith thought. 'I hate the old Tree, not every plant folk on Mogar. Esor could have used whatever Forbidden Magic they gained from the fragment and threatened me to collect the other fragments and hand them over or face their wrath.


'Instead, Esor kept the madness to themself and even protected the Sovereign. If I let a guy like that die, I would truly be a piece of shit. Also, getting a free lesson about Dread Flames is too rare a chance to turn it down.'


As Lith approached the Sapling's massive trunk, the entire city shook with increasing violence. When he put his hand on the bark, the shaking turned into a quake and the Sapling screamed in terror.


"Is this a trap or some kind of sick joke?" Lith shrouded himself in silvery flames and conjured his best spells with the Mouth.


Countless wooden tendrils had erupted from the ground, each holding a different Forbidden Spell, and all of them were aimed at him.


"Neither." The Sapling's voice was just air magic yet it was high-pitched in panic anyway. "This is the fragment's doing. I still remember your fire, Verhen. I remember your blade biting into my wood. Your Extinction burning me alive.


"You hate me, but I also hate and am terrified of you. To me and all the fragment holders, you are death incarnate. It took the Sapling sheer willpower to dispel the magic and put the roots back underground.


'Now, use your breathing technique, Scanner, or whatever you find most useful on me! The Sapling formed a mind link to make things as quick as possible and freeze themself in fear.


'Fine.' Lith used Abyssal Gaze and witnessed a majestic life force that extended as far as his breathing technique could perceive.


The Sapling's life force looked like a vast valley filled with tall grass and sparse trees. The various manifestations of the Fae's vitality constantly sprouted, bloomed, wilted, and became fertilizer for the next generation in the span of seconds.


All the manifestations but one. A single blade of grass was golden instead of green and it never changed. Once Lith focused Abyssal Gaze on it, he discovered that the golden grass had deep roots that ran throughout the valley, seeping into the other roots. It was constantly trying to spread itself and multiply, but it was too small and its energy was insufficient for the task.


'Conjure your silver flames slowly and let them seep into me. The Sapling said. "They are no different from Origin Flames. They won't hurt me if you really don't mean to'


Lith took several deep breaths until he eliminated any personal feeling he had for the World Tree and turned the Sapling into a patient like any other. Then, he let a tendril of silver fire inside the bark but away from the life force as a probe.


The Sapling yelped in agony, forcing Lith to recall the Dread Flames and start anew.


'It's much different from Origin Flames.' He thought. 'Dread Flames are so powerful that just a stray thought or a missed lick of fire can do massive damage.


It took him several tries before his will took hold of every nook and cranny of the silver


flames.


'Start with the roots. If the golden leaf gets damaged, the next World Tree will bear a permanent scar. The roots, instead, are disposable. The Sapling said.


Lith followed their instructions, burning the golden roots away and freeing the Sapling's life force from their infection. With each burned root, the old voice became


fainter and the madness faded.


'Before pulling out the golden leaf, you must purge it from the World Tree's feelings.


Both good and bad.'


'How do I do that?' Lith asked.


'Beats me. Dread Flames are a novelty and you are their only known user."The Sapling sounded younger and more jovial. 'Poke around a bit. There must be some sign to guide your hand."