Chapter 3478 One Mistake (Part 1)


"The knowledge contained in the fragments s more than enough to break the precarious peace." Xaphen said. "Zima would easily win the war but then it would be ravaged by the mad World Tree and end up like Jiera, if not even worse!"


"Thanks." Aalejah gave him a deep bow. "We gladly accept your offer."


***


With Xaphen's help, it was just a matter of days before Lith collected all the fragments in Zima. He returned home only for lunch, dinner, and tucking the children in. The mission was important, but not as much as reassuring Elysia and Valeron.


Jiera's transoceanic gates made transportation between Garlen and Zima relatively quick and nobody at the outposts asked Lith questions.


Then, he moved to Jiera and Xaphen kept following him. Feela insisted on informing the local Council, but withhold the information about how many fragments they had already collected and that Lith had purified them.


"Of course we are going to help you." Jiera's plant representative groaned. "We heard all about the most recent crazy World Tree and the last thing Jiera needs is a new catastrophe.


"No offense, but when you are done, feel free to choose any Sapling in Garlen you want as the next Tree. Your continent has already proven it can deal with a deranged Yggdrasill and we trust you can do it again."


"None taken." Lotho lied through his vines.


"What a moldy piece of wood!" He cursed right after hanging up. "He just wants to drop the problem on us. Good call, Feela."


With the help of the local Council, the mission in Jiera ended faster than in Zima. Lith had to use the blue flames only a handful of times and only when the populace of a Sapling asked him to.


Most Saplings were happy to give up on their fragment of the World Tree's essence. The madness in them slowly twisted their minds and bodies. Every day they spent resisting its allure was agony.


As for the Guardians, the light of the Yggdrasill's essence had become strong enough to draw their attention but they didn't interfere with Lith's mission. Not for a lack of wanting, mind you.


Fenagar was the one who had it worse after facing the Eldritches and even though he burned with desire for revenge, his body had yet to heal. With his powers diminished and Xenagrosh's ability to call for backup, he had to let them go.


Roghar had mostly recovered and he craved knowledge the most. When Lith and


Zoreth crossed into his territory while holding the purified World Tree's essence, the wolf Guardian went this close to ambushing them.


"Can I?" He asked Zagran before taking action.


He was still weakened and if this was another trap laid by the Eldritches, Roghar knew he could only rely on the Garuda to be rescued again,


"By all means, but if something happens to you, this time you are on your own." Zagran growled. "Be it Tyris or the Eldritches that turn you into a rug, I won't save your ass."


Salaark had informed Zagran of the mission right after Lith had left the Blood Desert. The Overlord had asked nothing of the Lord of Might, just given her a friendly heads up.


Zagran had made the decision to let Lith go on her own. She knew Mogar needed a World Tree but wasn't sure if Jiera was the best choice.


"Fine." Roghar whined, looking with longing at his surveillance array one last time. "I could learn so many things by studying those two living dead. So many answers I could find by cracking the Yggdrasill's essence open."


"Just as many I could learn by cracking your skull open!" Zagran ignored his plea and hung up the call.


"That was rude." The Fenrir sighed. "I already said fine."


He turned off the array and focused on his recovery.


***


Next came Verendi.


Xaphen had no intention of following them on Garlen so he bid them goodbye and returned to Zima to start his journey anew. After crossing the ocean, Zoreth dropped Lotho and Feela as well.


"You have no authority in Verendi and the less you know about the Organization's business, the less we'll have to argue." She said.


"I don't like this, but if this is your choice, Lith, I'll respect it." Feela said and Lith nodded for her to leave. "If you need help solving an issue with the local Council, you know how to reach me."


"I wish you luck." Lotho was tempted to summon an army of Fae and take the Yggdrasill's essence for himself, but he knew the risks such power entailed and had not forgotten his meeting with Esor.


"They may be just a Sapling, but their disdain of the Council matches that of all the World Trees I've met. They are supposed to be the wisest beings on Mogar so I'd better trust their judgment.'


The Awakened Council of Verendi was now led by young Awakened who were still trying to establish alliances and split the territories between them. Many new factions had arisen and with the previous power balance gone, old and new scores ended up being settled in blood.


The Organization's invasion to retrieve the Mouth of Menadion had caused the death of most of the oldest and most powerful Awakened of Verendi, even ending entire


bloodlines.


The few who were left had no interest in provoking the Organization and risking the Eldritches decided to finish the job.


As for the Guardians, they had a tough decision on their hands.


"It's been a while since a Yggdrasill has taken root in Verendi." Ashfor the Myrmidon said. "We could use their wisdom to find a way to put an end to the endless wars of our continent and maybe find a way to counter those accursed Abominations." After Ileza's defeat at the Organization's hands, the news of Tezka's fight with Salaark, and the almost capture of two of Jiera's Guardians, made Ashfor wary. Before making a move, he wanted to make sure the three Guardians of Verendi were on the same


page.


"Or it could make things much worse." Torka the Sleipnir replied. "The last two World Trees caused nothing but trouble and Verendi is already on its knees. The last thing we need is another threat to the balance."


"Do what you want, I'm out of this." Ileza turned around the moment she identified the


travelers.


"What? Why?" Ashfor asked in surprise.


"That's Lith Verhen. Tyris' favorite." The Guardian of Life replied, fanning the flames of misunderstanding.


"Favourite how? lorka narrowed his eyes.


"I got beaten by her because I messed with an issue regarding his children." The Bastet said. "Children she's raising as her own. On top of that, I'm indebted to Tyris for


healing me.


"I have no desire to receive a second visit from her and have the grace she bestowed upon me taken away. I've suffered enough and if something were to happen to us,


there would be no one to stop the Organization."


Ileza broke the mind link and her figure disappeared.


"What about you, Torka?" Ashfor would have preferred moving in full force, but there was little two Guardians couldn't achieve on their turf.