Chapter 3481 Absolute Power (Part 2)


"The old Scarlett is going to remind you that even the weakest of humans can deny your wishes just by saying no. That despite all your power and knowledge, you have no right to force others to think and live the way you see fit.


"Dealing with children is the perfect way to get ready for your new life. You'll deal every day with stubborn people who have no idea what they are doing yet refuse to change their ways, no matter how dumb their mistakes are or how hurt they get.


"They'll cry, whine, and beg you to give you things that would harm them while ignoring what they already have and should treasure. People who won't do something just because you say so and, most of the time, it's because they simply don't understand what you are saying"


"Are we still talking about children?" Scarlett looked at Valeron who giggled and nodded at her as a thank you.


"Let's be honest. Almost everyone who's not a Guardian will look like a child to you. They are ignorant, short-sighted, and seek immediate reward with no care for long-term consequences." Tyris replied. "So, yes. We are talking about children." "In other words, you are going to teach me humility." Scarlett sighed.


After Verendi, collecting the fragments of the World Tree in the Gorgon Empire and the Griffon Kingdom was a breeze. Feela and Lotho had already prepared the field and the essence in Lith's possession had grown to the point the Saplings had no voice in the matter.


The fragments wanted to be whole again and even the strongest willpower could only slow them down once they started to leave. Even when that happened, a punch or two was enough to seal the deal.


Much to Lith's surprise, as he collected the final fragments the light grew brighter but smaller. Once he was done, the essence of the World Tree turned into a life-sized golden acorn.


"I can't believe something so powerful can be contained inside something so small." Lith said in surprise.


"I would have said the same before Elysia was born. Now it's kind of obvious to me." Solus chuckled.


"Thank you for bringing me along." Aalejah gave Lith a deep bow. "Let me know whether you decide to plant it or destroy it. My people deserve to know the truth instead of wallowing in false hope."


"That's supposed to be my line." Lith checked there was no trace of the old Tree's


madness one last time and handed the acorn to Aalejah. "Just allow me to give you an unsolicited piece of advice.


"I don't care what the Guardians say. Zima seems wonderful this time of the year!"


"Are you sure?" Aalejah held the acorn with both hands, chuckling at the


not-so-obvious suggestion to pick the farthest Sapling from the Kingdom as possible. "I mean, this is a huge responsibility."


"And that's why I can't be the one shouldering it." Lith replied. "I hate the World Tree. If it were up to me, I'd see them burn to the end of time. Yet I know how important this is for your people and Mogar itself.


"While we traveled together, I met plenty of Saplings who were smart, kind, and had a terrible sense of humor. I still hate the Tree but now I've come to realize that Saplings are just like humans. There are good and bad ones.


"Hence, I can't let my personal feelings interfere in the matter. You know the elven traditions. You've lived as an aspirant Chronicler long enough to know what your people need and the qualities that would make a Sapling a good World Tree.


"You've also met the Saplings with me so I consider you the most qualified person for this job." Lith closed her hands around the acorn and pushed them to her chest. "This is yours now. Don't worry about me and do what you think is right."


"Thank you so much." Aalejah sniffled as warm tears streaked down her cheeks. "I didn't expect you to trust me so much Lith. You are much kinder and more generous than I thought. I promise I won't let you down.


"I'll do everything I can to ensure the next World Tree will be the best one ever,"


"I know you won't let me down, Aalejah." Lith shook his head while patting her shoulder. "Take all the time you need and do your best. It's all I ask of you."


"Really?" The elf felt her heart swell with sweet emotions.


"Really." Lith said, his expression full of confidence. "Even if your best isn't enough, from this moment onward, everything that goes wrong with the Tree is on you. From absolute power comes absolute responsibility so I expect you to deal with any future issue without bothering me."


"You son of a-" Aalejah's tears dried up and her expression hardened, "Wait, your mother is innocent in this. I mean, I take back everything nice I said about you! You just wanted to dump the responsibility on someone else."


"Not the main reason but one of the main reasons." Lith shrugged. "I wish you the best of luck. You are going to need it. Bye!"


A Warp brought him, Solus, Menadion, and Zoreth away from the still-cussing clf.


"Time to go home." Lith sighed. "I can't wait to have a moment to sit down and relax. We didn't stop traveling for over a week."


"I can't believe you threw the biggest hot potato on Mogar to Aalejah and abandoned her without a second thought." Solus threw him a disapproving look.


"That's not true. I do have one." Lith replied, sounding offended.


"Which is?" Solus furrowed her brow without lowering her guard.


"I can't decide between pork and beef for dinner. I'm open to suggestions." Lith said as


if it was a matter of life or death.


"I knew it was something incredibly dumb." Solus sighed while Ripha burst into


laughter.


"Can I come with you guys?" Zoreth asked. "We've been away for a while and I want to spend some time with Valeron and Elysia before getting back to work."


"Sure" Lith nodded.


"Thanks. Can I call Byt too?" Zoreth asked Solus with a bow.


Solus in turn looked at Menadion who nodded.


"No problem, Zor. You'll be our honored guests." She replied.


One mana geyser and one Tower Warp later, Lith rejoined his family.


The Blood Desert was safe and everyone was happy, yet he couldn't stop thinking


about the warning of Esor the Sapling.


"What the fuck are you?" He asked to his hands, the left wreathed in silvery flames and


the right in blue ones.


***


Even though Lith would have liked to rest for a few days and then disappear again inside his lab, life had different plans, and no qualms about setting them into motion.


He was just done catching up and spending quality time with his family when his amulet drew his consciousness.


"I swear that if Aalejah fucked up already, tonight I'll dine on roasted elf!" Lith took the amulet out of his pocket with a snarl. "Damn, this is much worse than I thought."


He pressed the communication rune and wore his best smile.