Chapter 3484 Common Root (Part 1)


"And?" Menadion was still utterly confused.


"And when that failed, we started researching the things you had Forgemastered for us and improved on them. Sure, every Forgemaster developed their own method, but that doesn't change the fact that all modern techniques share common root you." Fyrwal shrugged.


"You are a celebrity now. Some sort of god of Forgemastery."


"That's Sally!" Ripha replied in denial yet finally understanding the reason all the subjects Silvering and Baba Yaga taught her sounded oddly familiar.


"She would be, if Salaark bothered explaining something to us from time to time." The Hydra said. "Let's just say that you have a lot of admirers who consider every piece you left behind a treasure of knowledge."


"That's ridiculous!"


"Nonetheless, it's true. Brace yourself." A snap of Fyrwal's fingers Warped everyone inside the secret lab.


The ceiling was over 40 meters (132) high, with no inner walls and so packed with people that Menadion couldn't see farther than a few meters in any direction. She would have easily mistaken them for humans if not for their vertical-slitted yellow eyes and the up to six small snakes sprouting from their necks.


Judging from the width of the underground cave, Lith guessed that the Hydras had to have hollowed out at least one mountain to build the lab, if not more.


Pillars of light formed by a series of arrays stacked one over the other were visible at regular intervals throughout the cave.


The distance between the different sets of magical formations ensured that the spells cast by each team of researchers wouldn't interact with those nearby and that each pillar received a steady supply of world energy.


The entire network of Forgemastering labs, Healing facilities, and diagnostic tools was centered around a massive glass tank about 35 meters (115') high, where usually Ufyl was immersed in nutrient fluids.


This time, however, he was in human form as well, escorted by Hydra guards who were supposed to keep an eye on him but had all fourteen of them staring at Menadion.


"Uhmm, Hi, there." Ripha said awkwardly.


"Master Menadion!" Every Hydra just uttered those words but they were repeated by hundreds of mouths at the same time, booming together in a choir that made the cave tremble. "Please, bless us. Please help us."


People approached her while bringing their children and Menadion hid behind Lith's back.


"Please, Master Menadion, say something to our Hatchlings so that they may grow up enlightened by your wisdom!" A Hydra who looked like a chestnut-haired man in a lab coat said.


"Study hard and don't slack off." Ripha said the first thing that came to her mind. "Hard work will never betray you."


Everyone cheered as if Menadion had said something deep and the small Hydras stepped forward, offering her little hand-made stuffed dolls wielding a toy hammer


shaped in Menadion's image.


"Thank you. They are beautifully made." They weren't, but Ripha acted by instinct, taking the dolls and patting the Hatchlings on the head.


The child-looking Hydras danced with joy while holding their heads. The rest of their


peers stared at them with a mix of hatred and envy.


'Oh, shit!' Menadion tried to defuse the situation by shaking the hands of the other young Hydras.


"She touched my head! I'll be a genius!"


"She touched my hand! My hammer will never fail me!"


Soon the children started to argue about who would be better and who was the luckiest among them.


"Can someone please explain to me why I am such a big deal?" Ripha felt like the entire Mogar had gone insane. "I was just a bright violet-cored Forgemaster whereas Yaga and Lochra are white cores.


"Why no one seems to care about two legends walking among them?"


"Your humbleness is only matched by your peerless beauty, Ruler Menadion." Xubari, the lead Healer of the facility gave her a dramatic bow while introducing himself. "The answer to your brilliant question is quite simple."


"Lady Yaga is the Mother of All Undead. She unleashed her creations against the living and there are countless stories about her prowling in the night to hunt on our children to feed the abominations she spawns."


'Aside from the first part, the rest is just folk tales! Ripha didn't miss Xubari's scorn as he looked at Baba Yaga nor Yaga's amusement.


"As for Lochra Silverwing, the kindest thing we can say about her is that she's a traitor!" Xubari growled. "Her legacy empowered the fake mages but did nothing for us Awakened. She sold our secrets in exchange for glory and accolades.


"She hasn't produced a single piece of knowledge or innovation she didn't share with the fake mages. The fact she's achieved the white core only makes life more unfair and her existence more insufferable."


The Hydra spat out every word like it was poison. When he turned to Menadion, the coldness of his rage turned into the warmth of adoration.


"You, instead, blessed us Awakened first and gave the scraps of your work to the fake mages, Ruler Menadion. They call you a Magus, but what you did for them is incomparable to what you did for us.


"You gave us weapons, armors, and more importantly, you took in countless Awakened disciples. It's from your knowledge that the other Rulers of the Flames drew inspiration and reached enlightenment.


"You left an entire set of artifacts to us to ensure the research of the Awakened community would progress even in case something happened to you. The disciples to whom you entrusted the different pieces betrayed you and your intentions, but that's none of your fault."


"When you put it that way, I sound quite impressive." Menadion nodded.


"What about me?" Fyrwal grunted. "I was Ripha's friend and I'm a damn good


Forgemaster, even if I have to say it myself."


"Who in here isn't a good Forgemaster, dear sister?" Xorn, Fyrwal's brother, said. "If you


want accolades, tell me, what's your greatest accomplishment?"


"I founded the Kingdom with Valeron. Remember?" She replied.


"That's a military feat." He dismissed her claim with a sweep of his hand. "I mean a


magical one. Something we all benefitted from."


Fyrwal opened her mouth multiple times but ended up closing it without saying


anything.


"My point exactly!" Xorn said with a smug grin. "Ruler Menadion's Mana Well technique, instead, is something that every Awakened Forgemaster still uses to this day and gives us a precious edge over non-Awakened."


"Wow." Silverwing said. "They treat even Fyrwal like crap and then they have the gall to be surprised I didn't give a damn about them all this time. You Hydras are just like the rest of the Awakened: an ungrateful bunch.


"Without Fyrwal, there would be no Griffon Kingdom and no long-lasting peace. You would be too busy fighting the other clans of Emperor Beasts for territory and resources to build a facility like this!" She waved at the state-of-the-art laboratory. "Without me, there would be no academies and rogue Awakened like Lith would have gotten nowhere simply because he wasn't born in a magical bloodline. On top of that, the competition with the fake mages is the only reason Awakened magic has made any progress at all in the last seven hundred years."