Chapter 3486 Road Map (Part 1)


"That was amazing" Fyrwal offered Lith a honeyed tea and a slice of homemade cake to relieve his stress.


"I know." He accepted them both with gratitude. "Ripha and Yaga are damn impressive."


"I was talking about you." She chuckled. "Someone as young as you wasn't supposed to understand a thing. That's Forgemastery and Healing arts of the highest grade and the result of the work of months of the entire Hydra bloodline at that.


"Yet you went through everything like it was a textbook."


"Indeed." Anata looked at Lith like prime meat. "Did you use Yggdrasill wood to help you focus?"


"No." He shook his head. "The effect lasts only as long as you touch it. If I used the Yggdrasill wood, I wouldn't know whether I truly understood the contents of the report or they seemed clear only because of the mind-focusing effects of the Yggdrasill wood."


"Fascinating." She nodded, massaging his shoulders. "So is Yggdrasill wood useless for magical research or is there a trick to it?"


"It's very useful." Lith replied. "You just need to take notes while you work, breaking down your discoveries into concepts simple enough to understand without the help of the Yggdrasill wood.


"I didn't use such a method because taking notes like that would have consumed more time than we-"


"Back off, sister!" Faluel snarled. "He's taken. You too, Mom. Don't stick so close to Lith."


'Oh, shit!' Only then did Lith remember how much Emperor Beasts valued talent, bloodline abilities, and how direct they were when looking for a mating partner. I forgot! I'm a Divine Beast and whoever gets me gets Ripha as well.'


'Oh, shit!' Only then did Solus raise her eyes from the papers and notice how half the room was staring at Lith and the other half at her. I just matched Aunt Loka's speed and I'm allegedly a Verhen too!"


She had been spared from male attention only thanks to her discussion with Silverwing and the fact that no one wanted to risk offending Menadion by courting her only descendant without her permission.


"That's rude of you, Fanny. I was just being friendly with our guest." Fyrwal pouted. "Indeed." Anata said. "And I was just interested in the properties of the legendary Yggdrasill wood."


"Ladies!" Menadion slammed her hand on the table, drawing everyone's attention to herself. "We have a job to do and I have a few ideas on how to do it."


The room erupted in applause and cheers while Anata exploited the good news to hug Lith and press her voluptuous breasts on his back.


"Me too!" Lith kindly but firmly freed himself from the Hydra's arms and stood up. "I say we start by studying the life forces of Thrud's Divine Beasts and confront them with those of their former clanmates."


"My thoughts exactly" Menadion nodded. "Solus, Lith, come here. I need your help." They studied together sixteen different life forces with the Eyes of Menadion while pretending to use their Invigoration technique, sharing the burden equally.


"What was that?" Anata asked once they were done.


"Solus comes from my bloodline and our resonance increases my abilities. As for Lith, as a Demon, my strength comes from him." Menadion replied, using their bond to justify the grimaces and strain from the use of the artifact.


"Do you really have a plan, Ripha?" Baba Yaga was confused. "I read the same files as you but there was nothing that caught my eye. The Hydras performed solid research. I found no fault in it but no inspiration either."


"Same for me." Lochra said. "I can improve on a few things, but it will take me time to ponder and assimilate so much material."


"Yes, I do have a plan." Menadion replied. "No offense, Yaga, but I'm the better Forgemaster. I'm not as good a Healer as you, but I've learned from the best."


"Thanks." Baba Yaga chuckled. "What did you find?"


"It's easier and more useful if I show you all." Menadion said. "How long does the transformation process take?"


"From Hydra to Seven Headed Dragon, the one we have perfected the most, it takes two days!" Xubari, the lead Forgemaster said. "But we haven't done it in a while due to the deadly side effects."


The process was actually safe. The problem was the rejection of the mana organs that took place soon after the transformation.


The Harmonizer the Hydras had developed could only create temporary Seven Headed Dragons but different Hydras carried different Dragon bloodlines. If the test subject weren't supposed to evolve into a Seven Headed Dragon, their body would soon reject. the foreign mana organs.


The transformation process could be reversed easily and safely but the mental scarring from losing abilities like Dragon Eyes and Origin Flames coupled with the innate greed of Hydras led them to suicide.


"Don't worry: We are not going all the way doum" Monadion renliad "How long doar


it take for the first physical mutations to appear?"


"A couple of hours, but they are merely cosmetic and-"


"That's perfect!" Menadion cut him short. "I need a volunteer.


A deafening silence filled the cave.


"Just two hours. I promise we'll be done before any side effect can take place. Either we do this or I can't help you." Menadion said. "There's no point developing a theory if I can't put it into practice."


"I'll do it." Xorn said, shapeshifting into his Hydra form. "I trust you, Ruler Menadion."


While the Hydras gasped and praised Faluel's brother for his dedication to the clan, Ripha had a hard time not rolling her eyes at his dramatic entrance.


"Thanks, Xorn." She said while placing a hand on his scaly foot. "Just wait until everyone is done studying your life force."


"What are we doing?" Baba Yaga asked.


"Don't worry, you'll understand it immediately. Menadion replied and turned to the Hydras. "I'll explain everything to you once I have evidence to support my theory.


Please, be patient."


Her hosts nodded, their hearts filled with new hope and the displeasure of being called dumb by their idol in a very polite way.


Xubari and Anata studied Xorn as well, wishing to prove themselves to the First Ruler of the Flames and the rest of their clan.


After a couple of minutes, Xorn wore a Harmonizer and entered the evolution vat. Once the crystal case was sealed, a dense nutrient liquid filled it, ensuring that the Hydra wouldn't die from consumption as his body grew.


Xorn imprinted the Harmonizer after the tank was full and his heads connected to seven respirators, initiating the forced evolution process. The first few minutes were filled with trepidation but after nothing happened for a while, the Hydras got bored and returned to their jobs.


"There! Do you see it?" An hour later, Menadion's voice roared like thunder.


"Yes, Ripha. You are a genius!" Baba Yaga's eyes lit up with excitement as she finally understood what she had missed while reading through the Hydras' experimental


reports.


"I don't." Silverwing said and Lith and Solus nodded. "Give me a clue. What am I supposed to see?"


"Later." Menadion shook her head. "Keep your eyes peeled and try figuring it out for


yourself."


Anata and Xubari were just as confused so they followed Menadion's instructions.