Chapter 3489 The Price of Progress (Part 2)


"The Hydras will bear all the risks and we'll reap the benefits once the procedure is perfected. Sure, my people will evolve later, but what's a few more years after millennia of wait?"They other lesser Divine Beasts thought.


"Why aren't you in there, Friya?" Solus asked. "As a Harbinger, your life is at stake as well."


"Future Harbinger." Friya corrected her. "I'm not bound to Faluel yet and there is no guarantee the experiment will work. Unless Faluel is among the volunteers, I'm just a human like you."


"And what if she is?" Lith asked. "What would happen to you, then?"


"Best case scenario, if something goes wrong and Faluel dies, my pact is rescinded." Friya replied.


"I don't want Faluel to die!" Solus' heart throbbed.


"Me neither. Friya sighed. "Especially considering that the worst case scenario is that my pact is still valid and the Hydras kill me the moment something happens to Faluel." "About your pact, how close are you to becoming a Harbinger?" Lith asked.


"Very close." Friya gulped hard. "I already had five infusions of Faluel's blood. According to her, completing the process will take just one or two more doses." She took a deep breath and her fair skin became covered in thin green scales that looked more like those of a snake than of a Dragon. Lith's eyes widened in surprise and he touched her face with his scaled hand.


"Do you feel something?" He asked.


"Nothing." Friya shook her head. "Hydra scales are not Dragon scales, sadly."


"What does Nalrond say about this?" Lith's eyes narrowed in worry.


"What can he say? He has scales of his own and they are much less cute than mine."


She chuckled. "Jokes aside, he knew about my pact with Faluel from the beginning and that the only way out of it is death.


"Nalrond is worried about me but does his best to support me. He is my rock."


"Don't worry, child." Menadion said. "With me, Lochra, and Yaga here nothing bad will happen to you."


"Thanks, Ripha." Friya gave her a bow.


"Thanks, M-oenadion." The Hydras were Hushed, but Solus couldn't risk exposing her identity as Elphyn Menadion by using monikers for her mother and friends. "Thanks, Lochra. Thanks, Lady Yaga."


"Don't mention it." The three women dismissed the issue with a gesture of their hands. After a few minutes, the Hush Zone came down and Fyrwal delivered the answer of the assembly.


"It's unanimous. We'll work only on adults and only if they volunteer as test subjects. We'll screen for candidates with strong willpower and limited Hydra greed. In the meantime, please start working on your end of the project."


"I'll start working on the development of selective Harmonizers." Menadion said. "I need one of your current models and without cloaking runes, or the research will take me much longer"


"Sure" Fyrwal's pained expression didn't match her words and so did the rest of the Hydras.


Anata handed the Harmonizer as if it were her firstborn and from her grimace, one would think she had a lemon orchard in her mouth.


"I need one as well." Baba Yaga said. "Also, I will need a volunteer to study the life force of Hydras in great detail. I focus mostly on undead. If you want me to find safe methods for you to evolve, I have to understand what makes you tick."


"It's understandable." Fyrwal gulped again, moving her gaze to Silverwing.


"Don't worry about me." She replied to the silent question. "I'll work as their assistant. based on who needs my help the most."


"Excellent news!" Fyrwal smiled with too much enthusiasm even for her own liking. "Lith, Solus, since Ripha lives with you, feel free to help her. We have no secrets for our friends."


'How kind of her.' Lith inwardly sneered. 'She has no objection to having free labor." "I'm also sorry to inconvenience you, Lith, but your presence will be required every time Ripha needs to come here."


"Don't worry. I have already taken that into account." Lith replied.


"Thanks! I can't wait to work together with you." Anata took his hands. "I'm sure we can do wonders together."


"We'll see." Lith needed but a glance around the room to assess the threat level.


'Luckily, I'll never be alone with any of them or I'd have to bring Kami along just to avoid being constantly harassed.' He actually thought.


"It's settled, then." Fyrwal nodded. "Is there anything else you need?"


"No." Menadion shook her head after briefly consulting with the others. "Let us know when you have a candidate. Please, let us out. We have business to attend."


***


routine with only small setbacks.


"This is not good." Lith tapped on his plate with the fork. "Kami is nearing the third month of her pregnancy and there's still no news of Meln. He doesn't seem to have even made a single move."


"Why is it bad, Big Bro?" Aran asked.


"Because once the baby bump becomes visible, Raldarak won't be a secret weapon anymore." Lith replied. "Anyone with working eyes will understand Kami is pregnant and give her a wide berth."


"Our baby is not a weapon!" Kamila stabbed a piece of meat with her fork and munched it in fury. "At most, he is a safeguard but even that is insulting. He's a


person!"


"Kami, you know what I mean." Lith sighed. "It's just that if Meln takes the bait, we could go on with our lives without having to worry about him or any of his deranged


allies.


"That's true." She sighed as well, going for seconds.


'I don't want our children to grow up without their father.' Kamila chewed in worry.


"I can go out alone more often." She offered.


"Meln is not an idiot." Lith shook his head. "At least, not that much. He knows how I think and prepare. It must be a believable setup and to do that I need the right


circumstances."


"What if I go out more, dear?" Elina asked. "I can bring Shargein with me."


"Auntie!" The Wyrmling nuzzled under her hand, fishing for a scratch that Elina


delivered.


"We could go together." Rena proposed. "After all, everyone saw us traveling and splitting into groups. We could pretend we are bored of Lutia and have lowered our guard. One of us stays with Kami and the other with Shargein."


"It's a good idea but bring Tista as well." Lith replied. "And always notify the Queen's Corps of your movements. It must seem like you are taking every precaution not to fall into a trap."


In the attempt to lure Meln's forces out, all the members of the family but Raaz took on the role of the bait from time to time. Lith's father was still traumatized from his previous kidnapping and just the idea of suffering another covered him in a cold


sweat.


Sometimes Senton accompanied Rena while Elina brought along Abominus and Kamila Zinya. Much to Aran's and Leria's dismay, they were also prohibited from


While the others were away, Lith appeared in public no more often than usual, giving the impression he was just too busy to accompany his family.