Chapter 3499 Hypocrite (Part 2)


"How does that make me any better than the Black Star or any of the lost cities we've destroyed in the past?" Solus asked.


"For starters, you are not picking on innocents." Lith replied. "These people are scum and there's no doubt about it. On top of that, you'd not use their lives to sustain yours. For that, I'm more than enough.


"You'd use their lives in self-defense just like with the Tree. The next time we face a deadly enemy and you get seriously injured, the Bleed might save us. Each one of these bastards is like an extra life for you.


"If you get hurt, the tower won't drain me in the middle of the fight to save you. If we ever get separated again, you'd have the means to find me and fight on your own instead of bleeding energy with each passing second."


Solus couldn't deny the truth of those words but it wasn't enough to placate her conscience. Lith gave her time to mull over her options before talking again.


"I understand why you don't like the idea, Solus, but is keeping them in the Pits of Agony any better than the Bleed?" He pointed at the figures writhing and screaming in agony amid the flames.


"No." She had to admit.


"Also, forgive me for pointing out your hypocrisy but I have to." Lith grabbed her shoulders, a deep pain in his eyes.


"My hypocrisy?" She echoed in confusion.


"Would you hesitate to throw those guys in the Bleed if I was on the verge of death because of them and you could save me by feeding their lives to me?" He asked.


"Not for one second." The reply came natural and quick to her lips.


"Then why do you ask me to do otherwise?" Lith said. "Those bastards have put Mom in danger. Sure, they wanted to release her, but what if something went wrong? What if she saw or heard something she wasn't supposed to?


"They wouldn't have hesitated to kill her if it meant stopping me from tracking them down. They have almost taken away from me one of the people I love the most on this planet. Why are you stopping me from using them to protect another?"


Lith gently caressed her cheek before delivering his final plea.


"I'm no different from Ripha, Solus. I'd sacrifice thousands of people like them just to protect a single strand of hair on your head. To protect my family. Yet the Bleed doesn't work for them.


"I almost lost Mom a few days ago and she was just going for groceries. You and I often put ourselves into dangerous situations and it's only a matter of time before our


luck runs out. Please, don't let the next Nalear take you away from me."


Lith's words and honesty took Solus by surprise.


From so up close and with the physical contact between them, she could read his mind without even trying unless he clouded his thoughts.


"This is not one of Lith's usual manipulation tactics. He's scared from what happened to Elina and deeply worried about me.' She thought.


"You're right. I'm a hypocrite." Solus put her hand over his. "If the Bleed could repair your life force, I would be the first to propose putting those bastards to good use. If I could give my mother the body she has lost to protect me, I would.


"No matter the cost." She sighed. "Besides, I could never forgive myself if Night or the next nutjob we face exploited our bond and struck me down just to hurt you. Even with my deep violet core, I'm still your weak point.


"Just do me a favor. Don't put those guys in the Bleed while I'm inside the tower. Do it while I'm in Lutia and the tower is in the Trawn Woods. Just because I understand your point of view it doesn't mean I have to like it."


***


A few minutes later, back on the mana geyser in the Trawn Woods.


"How come it's already this late and you didn't summon me until now?" Menadion regained her consciousness in the tower way later than usual.


"Because Lith and I had some important matter to discuss and I didn't want you to nag at me until you had it your way, Mom," Solus replied.


"So it was about the Bleed." Menadion nodded. "For the record, I don't nag, young lady. I was only trying to make you see reason."


Asking Menadion if Solus had to fill the Bleed to the brim was like asking a starving man if he'd like a good meal. The answer would have been vocal, enthusiastic, and


easily predictable.


The First Ruler of the Flames had been pressing Solus to find someone to shove into the Forbidden Floor of the tower ever since she had regained the deep violet. "You are so close, sweetie. Don't let a random jerk ruin years of your hard work just because of a lucky shot. The World Tree went this close to succeed and failed only because the tower was strong enough to recover the Bleed." She had repeated over and over until Solus had begged her to drop the subject.


"You would be right, if you did it just once or twice, Mom." Solus snorted. "After the tenth time, that's nagging"


"That's motherly affection." Ripha retorted. "Speaking of mothers, where's Elina? I didn't expect you to leave your mother's side so soon, young man. I'm disappointed in


vou."


"You are also wrong." Lith put down the finger that Menadion was weaving under his nose. "Mom kicked me out of the house. She says I'm overbearing"


"So you admit it!" Solus puffed her chest out with pride.


"Nonsense." Menadion replied. "Give her a couple of hours and she'll miss you. By the way, since it's just the three of us here, do you have something planned or are we going to just look each other in the eyes?"


"Actually, I decided to accept your offer to teach us Creation Magic, Ripha." Lith said, dodging Solus' question. "What happened to my mother has been a wake-up call. Despite my plans and preparations, things can always go south without any warning


signs.


"I can't just sit tight and hope my enemies will be so kind to follow my schedule. The next time trouble looks for me, I need to be prepared."


"Excellent decision, Lith." Menadion nodded. "Are you okay with this, Solus?"


"Of course, Mom." She replied. "Lith was the hesitant one. I was only waiting for him to


come around and enjoy this experience together."


"Really?" Ripha was pleasantly surprised. "How so?"


"Because you are going to teach him and pass my bloodline legacy down on me, Mom." Solus said. "You are the great Ripha Menadion and I'm your daughter. Back when I was still Elphyn, you taught me everything I knew.


"Once you completed Creation Magic, I'm sure you would have offered to teach me that too and I would have accepted. Why should I reinvent the wheel when my mother already created it?


"All modern mages are able to see further because they stand on the shoulders of giants and you are one of those giants, Mom. Metaphorically speaking, at least." Solus sighed heavily while comparing Menadion's height with Lith's.