Chapter 3519  One More Reason (Part 2)
 
 
 "Supreme Magus Verhen personally teaches his Void Magic to the six great academies, blessing the Kingdom's mages with an exclusive branch of magic. 
 "We enjoy the fruits of his labor every day, in the form of less crime, more resources, and greater knowledge. Sure, he has done nothing for us recently, but when was the last time any of you amounted to a fraction of what he has done?" 
 "Well said, Marchioness Distar." Gunyin Ernas nodded. "You left me nothing to add. The Archduchy of Ernas seconds your words." 
 The King remained silent and no one dared comment further before Meron made his position on the matter clear. Being publicly scolded like children was already bad, finding themselves on the losing side of the argument would have been even worse. 
 "Since everyone seems to have a strong opinion about Supreme Magus Verhen's involvement, the topic deserves further discussion." The King stirred the argument on purpose, leading the conversation in the direction he wanted with subtle nudges. 
 Sylpha remained silent, admiring her husband's perfect façade as he opposed the motion enough to seem reluctant to involve Lith while also giving the opposing side more ammunition. 
 Later that day the battle was lost but the war was won. 
 Gunyin had noticed the contradiction in the King's behavior but instead of pointing it out, he had continued arguing with diminishing conviction until he conceded defeat. 
 'I have no idea what's going on, but Mom always said that when in doubt, I should look at the Ernas.' Brinja soon followed suit, receiving an approving nod from Gunyin. 
 After a few more days to let the nobles find the best arguments to leave Lith no choice but to accept the mission, the Royals summoned the Kingdom's Supreme Magus to Court. 
 "You can't ask me to do this right now!" Lith sounded genuinely outraged from being blindsided by the "sudden" request. "You all should know that the Incontinent King is back. What if something happens to my family during my absence?" 
 "Consider it an incentive to be quick, then." Duke Tanash said. "I'm still grateful for what you did for my son, Supreme Magus Verhen and I understand your position, but please, try to understand mine. 
 "House Tanash almost lost everything because of Hatorne. You have foiled her ambitions in the past and are our best bet at stopping whoever has resumed her accursed work. 
 "The Kingdom can't afford a second plague and neither can you. Narchat might join hands with these scoundrels to throw our country into chaos and spread our resources too thin. 
 "The security detail of your family won't be affected even if you refuse this mission, but if our fears come true, there won't be reinforcements available the next time the Incontinent King attacks you." 
 Lith pondered the issue like he wasn't the one who had suggested the King that particular argument. 
 "Also, please consider this." Marquis Asa added. "Showing off your powers will be a clear reminder to all those who might side with Narchat of what you are capable of. Without allies, the Incontinent King is powerless against you." 
 "A fair point." Lith sighed heavily, resigning to his fate. "I accept the mission." 
 'The gall of that man!' Sylpha inwardly cursed. 
 'Why are you cursing?' Meron asked in confusion via a mind link. 'This has gone exactly as we planned.' 
 'Because Verhen is such a good liar that I too would fall for his performance if I didn't know better!' She replied. 'Doesn't this make you question how many times we've been on the other side of a charade like this?' 
 'I'd rather not think about it.' Meron replied. 
 "Very well." The King actually said. "Now that you know the facts and have made your decision, allow me to offer you the best helpers we can offer. Your mission will start in the city of Kophar, in the Solman region. 
 "You've been there in the past and I hope you will be glad to work with an old ally. Major Yerna, come forward." 
 "Yes, Your Majesty." Lith recognized the woman who stepped out of the crowd and knelt in front of the throne. 
 'That's Captain Yerna.' This time his surprise was genuine. 'She's come a long way since our fight against Gadorf.' 
 'Yeah.' Solus said, admiring the major's high uniform. 'From a mere captain of the corrupted city guard to a major in the royal army. I bet Jirni helped her and Yerna deserves her new position.' 
 "We suspect this organization is deeply rooted in Kophar's administration and Major Yerna is one of our best anti-corruption experts. She'll make sure no complacent or bribed bureaucrat stands in your way. 
 "She will also act as your local guide since I doubt you've ever been to the Solman region since your days at the academy." The King said. 
 "You are correct, Your Majesty. Dealing with Kandria's plague left me with many haunting memories from all the patients I lost and the horrors I witnessed." Lith replied. "I've always avoided the Solman region, even as a tourist." 
 "I understand and it saddens me to force you to face those memories but when duty calls not even kings and queens can back down." Meron met the eyes of the nobles assembled in the room, to let them understand the past and present sacrifices the Supreme Magus endured for their sake. 
 "The mission should not require your return to Kandria but I wish once you are done, you'll find the strength to go there of your own will, Magus Verhen." The Queen said. "Just like its citizens, the city has been healed from its wounds. 
 "Just like its citizens, Kandria owes its new life to you. I hope that by witnessing the beauty you have contributed to rebuild and the lives that have bloomed from your work, you'll find peace and closure with that sad page of your past." 
 "I'll think about it, Your Majesty." Lith replied. "It's all I can promise." 
 "Nor would I ask more." Meron nodded. "Do you need assistance of any sort? The Kingdom puts the members of our elite units at your disposal. Sadly, we've already lost too many mages to assign more to this mission but aside from that, you only need to ask." 
 "No, thank you, Your Majesty." Lith shook his head. "The army too has lost too many good men and, as a former Ranger, I can't ask you to sacrifice more. I have my own force and will use that." 
 He conjured Valia, Varegrave, Locrias, and Trion. 
 "I'll bring with me Solus Menadion. With her and my Demons' help, I'll have all the manpower I need. If I'm wrong, bringing reinforcements to Kophar will require but a few minutes thanks to the local Warp Gate." 
 "Solus Menadion?" The Queen frowned a bit. 
 On paper, Solus was just a Great Mage and Lith's co-creator of Void Magic. She had played on role in the Mage Association or the Army and her clearance level was low. On top of that, there were a lot of rumors going around about her and Lith. 
 "Wouldn't Great Mage Tista Verhen be a better choice?" Sylpha asked. "She's a Divine Beast too and her magical skills are similar to yours."