Chapter  3531  Perfect Cover (Part 2)
 
 
 "What did you expect?" Erzi snorted. "They never belonged to our region. Of course they jumped ship at the first opportunity they got." 
 'Damned if you do, damned if you don't.' Lith inwardly shook his head. 'No matter if the refugees stayed or left, the people of Kophar would have resented them either way.' 
 "On the bright side, this is the perfect place for you two to move." Ylka said. 
 "What do you mean?" Solus asked. 
 "It took those traitors a while, but most of them are gone now. Which means in our district there are a lot of empty houses already furnished on sale for a reasonable price." The midwife said. 
 "The refugees didn't bring the things they had bought with them?" Lith found that hard to believe. He knew how expensive even a bedstand was when you owned little. 
 "And pay for the transportation?" Erzi replied. "Those cheapskates probably hope our Royals will replace what their beloved Queen Thrud destroyed. I bet they'll buy new furnishing with our money!" 
 The wounds left from the War of the Griffons were something not even the best healer could mend so Lith moved the conversation to less sensitive topics. 
 The cover Yerna had prepared for Lith and Solus was perfect. They had no trouble passing for a couple and navigating the chit-chat about married life, petty quarrels, and all the day-to-day problems of living on a farm. 
 Alas, it was too perfect. It was only a matter of time before the hammer fell. 
 "When is the baby due, sweetie?" The old midwife caressed Solus' stomach after eying it for a while. 
 "Seven months. More or less." She swallowed hard in embarrassment. 
 "It's not your first, correct?" A brown-haired mother of two asked with a knowing look on her face. 
 "Yes, it's our second." Lith stepped in while Solus blushed up to her ears. "The first is a girl and we are hoping for a boy now." 
 "I knew it!" The brown-haired woman said and the other women nodded. "Breasts that big are one of the perks of pregnancy. More for the baby, more for the husband." 
 She and the others timidly tittered like maidens, as if she wasn't the one who had made the joke. 
 "That was obvious, Erzi." The midwife said with a snort. "It takes experience to carry a belly like that with such grace." 
 'Kill me! I beg you.' Solus inwardly whined. 
 "I'm sorry, ladies, but we have to go." Lith said. "My dear Epphy is hungry for two and needs to eat. Can you recommend a good place for breakfast and a good restaurant for lunch? I want to surprise my aunt and thank her for her hospitality with a good meal." 
 "You are a good husband and son. Your mother must be proud of you." Ylka said. 
 After a bit of arguing, the women agreed on the best establishments and offered Lith various options based on how much he could afford to spend. 
 "Thank you for your recommendations. It's been a pleasure meeting you." Lith weaved them goodbye as he and Solus walked away. 
 "No, it wasn't." Solus mumbled. 
 "Come one, Solus, there's no reason for moping. They showered you with compliments." Lith harrumphed to suppress a laugh. 
 "Those would have been compliments only if I was actually pregnant!" She snarled. "Since I'm not, they just commented on my weight and my breasts. Is there something wrong with them?" 
 'Nothing, dear.' Menadion said from her shadow. 'In my family, women are well endowed and you've taken it from me.' 
 'I am?' Solus asked. 
 Between her petite build and living with the Verhen women, Solus felt small in more ways than one. 
 Lith took her to the best bakery in the area, and Solus ate her sadness with a side of cream puffs and cheesecake and washed everything down with abundant hot chocolate. 
 "What are you staring at?" Solus grumbled in between bites. "You said it. I'm hungry for two." 
 'If only.' Menadion sighed, making Solus choke on her food. 
 'Mom, that's not funny!' 
 'Who's joking?' Menadion snorted. 'Is it too much to ask for a grandchild from my 744-year-old daughter? 
 'I'm not 744 years old!' Solus swallowed hard, suddenly feeling like a decrepit old lady. 'I died at 28 and I've regained consciousness for just 16 years now-' 
 'Which makes you 44 minimum.' Menadion pointed out. 'If we consider all of Lith's three lives, he's 46 and has two children and a bun in the oven.' 
 "I've suddenly lost my appetite." Solus stood up, hoping to put an end to that conversation. 
 "Suddenly?" Lith pointed at the plates piled by her side and the pot of hot chocolate the waiter had left on the table after the umpteenth refill. 
 "Shame on you, young man!" The owner of the bakery said while handing him the bill. "Pregnant women shouldn't be shamed for their cravings." 
 Even the man's mustaches curled up as he smiled at Solus and gave her a small bag of oven-fresh cookies. 
 "Thank you for your patronage and good luck with the baby. This is on the house, in case you get hungry later." 
 "I apologize for my outburst." Lith said with a smile on his face and a burning desire for revenge in his heart. "I'm still reeling from the surprise. It seems we are going to have twins." 
 Solus was pondering whether to save the cookies for later or have a few on the way home when those words made her turn pale. 
 "Twins?" The baker had a conflicted expression. "On a military salary?" 
 "Yes." Lith sighed. "I guess I'll have to work overtime to feed these little gluttons." 
 He caressed Solus' womb with the same tenderness he did Kamila's, making Solus turn beet red and wish Mogar swallowed her like a cookie. 
 "You can do it, son." The baker took back the bill and applied a discount. "Just like I did when the gods blessed me with twins." 
 "Thank you, sir." Lith paid the bill and tipped the waiter before leaving. 
 "Was that really necessary?" Solus sighed. 
 "Yes. If I have to get scolded for your eating habits, then you must share part of my pain." Lith replied. 
 "I can't believe how quickly rumors spread." Solus rushed to change the topic while Menadion was still laughing inside her shadow. "They already knew who we were and what you do for a living." 
 "This is nothing." Lith said. "Back in the day, you couldn't make a sneeze in Lutia without Nana rubbing her hands at the idea of having a new patient." 
 *** 
 "Twins, huh?" Yerna had a good laugh at the "news" during dinner. 
 "So said the midwife." Lith shrugged with a stoic expression. 
 "Can we please talk about something else?" Solus sheepishly said while playing with the food on her plate. 
 For some reason, she didn't feel hungry anymore and the delicious mushroom risotto tasted of shame and regret. 
 "Gladly." Yerna nodded. "It took me a lot of work to double-check everything, but I'm certain our friends didn't expect our surprise party yesterday and are going on with their lives like usual." 
 "Good to hear." Lith said. "It would be sad if someone spoiled the surprise for them. Have you found a suitable place for the party?" 
 "I've narrowed the choice down to three establishments." The major replied.