Chapter 3532  Surprise Party (Part 1)
 
 
 "By the way, thank you for the dinner. This is the best food I had in weeks." Yerna said. 
 Lith had picked the most expensive restaurant among those recommended by the neighbors. 
 "Thanks, miss Yerna. We also host parties." The waiter said, falling for the code the group used to discuss the raid in public. "And this is for the young lady, with the compliments of the house. May the gods bless you with healthy babies." 
 He left a huge plate filled with assorted varieties of grilled cuts of meat and vegetables 
 "Thank you. I'll add your restaurant to the list." Yerna needed sheer willpower not to burst into a laughter. 
 "Why do people gossip so much?" Solus whined as she ate to keep her cover intact. "Is this your doing?" She glared at Lith. 
 "Nope." He shook his head. "Word just goes around that fast. We need to be careful." 
 "Why?" Yerna helped Solus finish her plate. 
 "Because our friends know we are new in town." Lith said. "There can't be many couples that came to Kophar yesterday." 
 "Good point." She nodded. "Do you need company?" 
 "Quite the contrary." Lith replied. "I think Epphy and I could use some alone time." 
 *** 
 'I know you won't like it, but I love it when people call you Epphy, Solus.' Menadion's voice sparkled with joy and color like a firework in Solus' mind. 
 The loving "couple" was taking a digestive walk in the local park and moving toward an isolated zone to have some privacy. 
 'I noticed. Just like I noticed how much you laugh at my expense whenever someone mentions my "pregnancy".' Solus grumbled. 
 'I'm sorry, dear. I just-' Menadion froze as the reports of the Demons patrolling the area came in. 'We got company.' 
 'Nobody intervenes unless I say so.' Lith said via the black chains. 'Remember that we are pulling a Manohar.' 
 'Copy that.' Locrias, Valia, Trion, and Varegrave replied. 
 A Warping Array appeared out of nowhere, conjuring a pillar of light around the couple for a split second before disappearing along with them. 
 'Fuck me sideways!' The good news was that no matter the distance, the Demons would always return to their respective Void Sigils. 
 The bad news was that all the power Lith had given them was lost the moment the Warping Array had transported him past the range of his bloodline ability, making the Demons' energy bodies dissolve into thin air. 
 'Remember the plan and go easy on these suckers.' Solus conjured the Sage Staff and the Anvil armor. 
 The former had an enchantment that allowed it to shapeshift into a simple design, making it unrecognizable. The latter, instead, had never been seen before so whoever was watching them couldn't figure out Solus' identity from her equipment. 
 Lith shapeshifted his Voidwalker armor into a standard Knight Guard armor and took Pride, Locrias' sword, out of his pocket dimension. Ragnarök was Lith's most famous weapon and he couldn't risk his assailants running away before he could scan their energy signatures with the Eyes of Menadion. 
 'The only good thing about this ambush is that Locrias won't need Pride and I can use a decent weapon instead of the Knight Guard's spear.' He thought while studying his surroundings. 
 The Warping Array had transported Lith and Solus in an isolated zone right outside Kophar. At that hour during the night, no one dared leave the safety of the city walls. 
 On top of that, going from the well-lit park to the darkness of the night blinded Lith and Solus until their eyes had time to adapt, something their kidnappers had no intention of giving them. 
 Two nimble figures struck at Lith and Solus from behind, aiming at the gap between their helms and armor while a third one conjured three concentric energy domes. 
 'What point is there using arrays if they are inside with us?' Solus' armor projected its Full Guard enchantment, making up for her still-blurry eyesight and spotting the incoming attack. 
 She turned around while lunging with the Sage Staff and clashed with the incoming clawed hand head-on. Lith also activated the Full Guard enchantment but thanks to his rich battle experience, he had the presence of mind to suppress his urge to counterattack. 
 He used the tower shield of his Knight Guard equipment to just block the attack and took a step back as if the hit was too strong for him. 
 Solus' assailant felt on impact that he was about to be overpowered and reacted by sheer instinct. He exploited the strength of Solus' lunge to draw his battle claw back and twist his body in a somersault so as to kick the rounded end of the Sage Staff, using it as a trampoline. 
 He bent his knees to soften the blow and jumped away before a fraction of Solus' strength could be transmitted into his body. Lith's attacker too retreated the moment his blade struck the shield, refusing to press on his apparent advantage. 
 "Cloaking items. Unknown. Ready." The third assassin yelled as the energy domes fully formed and enveloped the area. 
 Lith and Solus had barely the time to register the three mysterious assailants had glowing eyes when the tier five War Mage Spell Raging Sun and the tier five Battle Mage spell Shadowblade hit them. 
 Raging Sun's earth and fire elements produced the magical equivalent of a volcanic eruption. Shadowblade's air and darkness elements conjured strong winds that fanned Raging Sun's flames and augmented the destructive power of the shrapnel by imbuing them with darkness element. 
 The resulting conflagration would have been visible and audible from kilometers away if not for the Hush and Obscuration arrays. The magical formations sealed both the light and sounds inside their confines, isolating the battlefield from the rest of the world. 
 The third array, instead, sealed the space and made it impossible to Blink or call for reinforcements. 
 'These guys are good and Awakened at that.' Solus said. 'They attacked us the moment we Warped here while one of them took his time to study our abilities and equipment. I get what he meant by "cloaking items" and "ready", but what did he mean, unknown?' 
 Lith and Solus did wear cloaking items to hide their Awakened nature and real strength. Otherwise just a glance with Life Vision would reveal Lith's overwhelming vitality and mass as a Divine Beast. 
 'They sure are but something is weird here.' Lith had activated the Spirit Barrier of his armor to protect himself and Solus from the explosion. 'Why are they talking and using tier five elemental magic instead of Spirit Magic? 
 'They are Awakened and they set up this ambush. They had all the time to prepare their best spells.' 
 'It's quite obvious, really.' Solus released a wind blast that cleared the magical smoke and debris, allowing her and Lith to prepare for whatever was coming next. 'You Awakened at birth, but you failed to use real Spirit Spells until Faluel taught you. 
 'Even something as simple as our mind link was a mystery to us and we failed to reproduce it with anyone else for years.' 
 'Good p-' The two assailants rushed forward the moment they spotted their quarry again and this time the third one joined them.