Chapter 3535  Utmost Priority (Part 2)
 
 
 'I'm not up to date with magical runes yet, but I recognize a mana-containment array field when I see one. That place is no fortress. It's a lab to conduct alchemical experiments.' A few minutes later, the Eyes had collected enough data about the arrays to confirm Menadion's hypothesis. 
 'It makes sense.' Solus pondered. 'They have Awakened thanks to the anti-mana toxins. Those Emperor Beasts wouldn't have been able to perceive the world energy without the toxins so they can't explain how to do it to their accomplices. 
 'Yet this doesn't explain why not all the Emperor Beasts have taken the toxins. Any ideas, Mom?' 
 'Sadly, I do.' Menadion sighed. 'It's quite obvious if you think about it. Even Council elders can't Awaken someone past the bright cyan yet you've faced several Emperor Beasts with the bright blue. 
 'We know this cartel is recent so they didn't have the time to develop their cores slowly with Accumulation. They already had a bright blue core, if not even a violet one. What does this tell us?' 
 'Fuck me sideways.' Lith's eyes widened as he put the various pieces together. 'We've failed to factor in the impurities. Based on our experiments in Kandria, we know that a mana core affected by the toxins slowly regains its strength. 
 'If someone above the dull green Awakened that way, they would be at risk of exploding, let alone someone with a much stronger core. To survive the body refining process, one has to assume precise doses of anti-mana toxins to slow down or even stop the process until the body can handle a stronger mana flow. 
 'Take too little, and you go boom. Take too much and your body stops evolving until the concentration of toxins in your system decreases. At that point, either you get the right dose or are back to square one.' 
 'Exactly.' Menadion telepathically nodded. 'These Emperor Beasts must have figured out the Awakening conditions solely for a few specific cases. They have yet to find a technique that works for everyone.' 
 'But that means lots of experiments and I doubt Emperor Beasts would volunteer. There's no point joining the organization if they die.' The words of Yerna's neighbors echoed in Solus' head. 'That's why the Emperor Beasts replaced the Undead Courts in Kophar. 
 'They needed a constant flow of funds and test subjects for their research. They are responsible for the disappearance of all the refugees who moved here from the west side of the Kingdom.' 
 'A smart plan.' Lith's lips curled up in disgust. 'The war refugees had no family here who could report their disappearance and, as our lovely neighbors pointed out, the citizens of Kophar were all too happy to see them gone.' 
 Years had passed since the plague in Kandria but Lith still remembered vividly the effects of the accidental exposure to Hatorne's parasites. On top of that, he had witnessed many times the kind of experiments a crazed mage fumbling in the dark performed on his helpless victims. 
 It only took him a small leap of imagination to picture the daily life of those captured by the Emperor Beasts and forced to become guinea pigs for the toxins. 
 "This is Verhen." He took his army amulet and contacted both Yerna and the Royals. "We found our target. It's on the west side of the outer rim of Kophar, on the corner of Oak Street and Tailor Avenue." 
 Lith had no problem reading the street names even from that distance thanks to his Tiamat Eyes. 
 "Are you sure?" The King asked. "We can't afford mistakes or the organization will disappear until the trail goes cold and relocate to another city." 
 "I'm positive, Your Majesty." Lith replied. "We suffered an assassination attempt and let our assailant escape. We followed him to a building covered in powerful arrays and filled with Emperor Beasts." 
 "Do you have an estimate of their numbers and powers?" The Queen said. "Can you study those arrays without getting noticed?" 
 "Negative." Lith shook his head. "The layer of magical formations and the auras are too thick. I can only see up to the first layers. Any closer inspection would draw attention to me and probing the structure with arrays would trigger alarms. 
 "My recommended course of action is to surround the building, seal the space around it while we study the defensive measures, and then raid the building before the marks can organize a defense. 
 "Some of those beasts are Awakened and they have weaponized Hatorne's toxins. We must strike while they are scattered and confused or the casualties on our side will be in the hundreds before we conquer a single floor." 
 Lith then described how the ambush had played out, the tactic employed by the Emperor Beasts, and the effects of the old and new toxins. 
 "Sadly, I'm not surprised." Meron sighed. "I've been reading the reports of recent murders and a few mages have been killed without putting up any resistance. They must have been victims of the anti-mana toxins." 
 The King paused for a while, pondering their options. 
 "Life Ward masks can protect the strike force from the toxins, but only until the soldiers engage the enemy in combat or suffer a direct hit from a spell. Protective gear is not supposed to be worn during a fight but it's better than nothing. 
 "Gathering enough soldiers and weapons for the raid will take less than an hour, but I want a field decontamination facility at the ready. Those affected by the toxins would be a liability for their comrades and potential hostages. 
 "They must be brought out as soon as possible and receive treatment. Assembling enough Healers and instructing them on the proper spells will take at least a couple of hours. Return to base and wait for further instructions, Supreme Magus Verhen. 
 "I want you to participate in the raid and ensure the destruction of these malignant parasites that infest Kophar. Your utmost priority isn't rescuing the hostages or protecting our soldiers. 
 "I want you to focus solely on keeping Kophar from turning into another Kandria." 
 *** 
 Meanwhile, inside the building, the feline Emperor Beast entered the private quarters of Kugoh, the leader of the rogue Emperor Beasts. He had been subjected to several scans and a decontamination shower before being allowed inside the base. 
 The assassin could spot trackers on his own with Invigoration, the security measures were meant to ensure the other Emperor Beasts wouldn't be exposed to the anti-elemental toxins he had used during the mission. 
 "Judging by your appearance and the fact only you came back I'm quite sure something went wrong." Kugoh leaned back against his chair, sighing heavily. "Explain, Jika." 
 "I have good and bad news, boss." The feline Emperor Beast removed his tight-fitting helm, revealing the tiger head of a Zouwu. 
 Then, he gave Kugoh a detailed report of the fight against the Constable woman and the Knight Guard. 
 "When I left, the man was either dead or praying for it and if the woman tried to heal him, she finished the job for us. Jarnos showered the Knight Guard with high-concentration elemental toxins. A mere diagnostic spell is enough to kill anyone in his condition." Jika said and Kugoh nodded for him to continue.