Chapter 3555  Feelings and Business (Part 2)
 
 
 "Is there something Verhen can't do once he puts his mind to it?" An Archduke pondered. 
 "Why did those filthy criminals go unnoticed until our Supreme Magus stepped in?" Many angry commoners commented while reading the official reports. "We know the nobles are useless but at least the army and the Association should be more demanding on their so-called elites. 
 "Instead, their ranks are full of incompetent idiots!" 
 "I fucking knew it!" The Dead King cursed in many dead languages. "Leech really was away from Lutia. An opportunity like this doesn't present itself often. If only I were done training, I would have gotten one step closer to my revenge." 
 "And if wishes were horses, beggars would ride." Jorl scoffed. "You can only blame yourself for your lack of talent and time. If you had given me everything I asked you, I wouldn't have withheld most of my knowledge." 
 The Storm Griffon had already reached the deep violet but wasn't willing to give out his most prized secrets about Life Maelstrom until Orpal upholded his end of their bargain. 
 "Yeah, right." Orpal scoffed. "Then what would have stopped you from turning your back on me and maybe even selling me to your kin just to make a good impression on your mother and be taken back into her fold?" 
 "I'm not going to lie to you, the thought crossed my mind." Jorl took a deep breath of Accumulation, enjoying the feeling of his growing strength. "But I can't trust my brethren more than I can trust you. 
 "I know my mother. She might as well kill you, shake my hand, and then kick me out of the Kingdom anyway. I don't need a pat on the back. I want my treasures back." By the way, I expected better from the fabled Black Night. 
 "Even with her help, your comprehension of the Life Maelstrom's techniques I explained to you is barely at the level of a Griffon cub." 
 'Tell him to shut the fuck up.' Night snarled. 'I deal in death, not in life. Life Maelstrom is the farthest thing from my area of expertise we gained from Dusk's crystal.' 
 "I too expected better from Night." Orpal ignored her. "That's why I accepted your conditions. I need you alive. For now." 
 "Don't make me laugh." Jorl sneered. "I'm still stronger than you by a wide margin. Sure, you are a deep violet-cored Divine Beast like me, but you know nothing of your powers while I've mastered mine. 
 "If not for that mage tower, I'd consider you a joke." 
 'Tell him I agree with him, Poopie.' Night laughed in Orpal's face. 
 "If not for that mage tower, I'd consider you a joke." 
 'Tell him I agree with him, Poopie.' Night laughed in Orpal's face. 
 'Shut the fuck up!' He inwardly snarled. 
 "And now, we're going to see whether your word is actually worth something or you are nothing but hot air like everyone says." Jorl ignored the Dead King's grimace and stepped closer to the borders between Leegaain's and Tyris' turfs. 
 "Wait!" Orpal swallowed hard, having no confidence about his claims the Vurdalak bloodline would eclipse the Griffon's. "Transform into an Upyr first. I gave you only a taste of my blood and your condition is temporary. You are still a Griffon and your mother might perceive you." 
 "You sure like playing it safe for someone who talks so big." Jorl snorted but followed Orpal's advice. 
 He consumed most of the Vurdalak blood in his body, triggering a radical transformation. His yellow eyes turned red while his feathers and fur became jet black. Two small horns came out of his head and two membranous wings popped out of his back. 
 A yellow and a silver flame floated above Jorl's head, moving in slow orbits. 
 "I don't like this power." Jorl's voice was a slow growl filled with bloodlust. "It feels… wrong. Like something that's not supposed to exist." 
 The Storm Griffon's estimate hit so close to home that it upset Night. 
 The Vurdalak bloodline was no natural evolution or the fruit of Orpal's talent. It was something she had whipped up for fun after studying Lith's hybrid life force with Life Vision during their encounters. 
 To create the Vurdalak species, Night had perverted both Baba Yaga's life work and Orpal's original bloodline. The final result was something twisted that Mogar had rejected upfront, refusing to provide any help during the breakthrough to the violet. 
 "Yet its power is undeniable." Jorl flexed his clawed hands and took the final step forward. 
 The Dead King held his breath, expecting Griffons to come out of Warp Steps at any moment and keeping Twilight and his best Warping array at the ready. 
 Seconds slowly turned into minutes and nothing happened. 
 "You didn't lie to me!" Jorl didn't bother hiding the surprise in his voice. "Your bloodline can really cloak even the Guardians'!" 
 "I told you. You shouldn't believe the lies my brother has spread about me." Orpal inwardly sighed in relief. "He hates me as much as I hate him." 
 "I haven't known you for long I've never met your brother yet I can't fault him for that." Jorl said. "But feelings and business don't mix. You've proved your worth and earned yourself another lesson." 
 *** 
 Blood Desert, Haugh's Travelling Tavern, at the same time. 
 "What a shitty world Mogar has turned into." Parmegianno Haugh grimaced as he read the news about Kophar. "You can't trust anyone anymore. Sure, Verhen saved the day, but there should be no need for that in the first place. 
 "When I was your age…" It took him over ten minutes of rambling and several coughs from his staff to notice that Dryna was wringing her hands while waiting for her turn to talk. "I'm sorry, dear. Do you need something?" 
 "Yes." She nodded. "I need your help with a family matter." 
 The waitress looked like a pretty young woman in her early twenties, about 1.78 meters (5'10") tall with blonde hair and red eyes. She had a small set of golden wings on her back, horns on her head, and a knee-length golden tail coming out of her spine. 
 "Did you have another argument with Zelima? I swear, you girls should-" 
 "Not that!" Dryna blushed a bit. "The other family." 
 "Who among you bastards dared bully her?" Haug scowled at his apprentices/staff. "Just because Dryna is a crybaby and a bit of an oversharer, it doesn't-" 
 "Not them, dammit!" The young Wyvern turned beet red up to her ears while her friends laughed at her expense. "Will you shut the fuck up for five minutes and let me talk, please?" 
 "That was rude and uncalled for, but sure. If you want me to shut up, you just need to ask. I'm not so insensitive that-" Haugh noticed that Dryna was still glaring at him and Vannir the cook was placing bets on the board about how long it would take before Haug stopped talking. 
 "Go on." He bit his tongue while most of the staff groaned and a few of them cashed in their wins. 
 "Xedros is dead." Dryna spoke like she was breaking dramatic news instead of stating the obvious, wringing her hands and fiddling with her hair. "The Wyverns have elected another patriarch, Ghirslak." 
 She stared at Haug, making sure he wasn't too focused holding his tongue to pay attention to her. 
 "He summoned me to a bloodline meeting and I don't think I can face Ghirslak and the elders alone. Would you please accompany me?"