Chapter 3558  Quick Changes (Part 1)
 
 
 "If you can't or don't want to sacrifice your time, lay eggs and give them to me. I'll raise the Hatchlings as my own and adopt them in my family." Ghirslak said. 
 So shocking was the news that the Wyverns talked over each other in a crescendo of voices that soon became deafening. 
 "Really?" A female Wyvern asked after raising her hand and being allowed to talk. "All I have to do to improve my status is lay eggs?" 
 "Yes, but that won't amount to the same merits as if you raised the Hatchling yourself." Ghirslak replied. "Also, by doing that, you forfeit the powers a pregnancy would bestow upon you, but that's your choice." 
 "Patriarch, won't it affect your magical research if you take in so many children?" A male Wyvern asked. "Our research?" 
 "Eighteen years are a long commitment, for a human." Ghirslak snorted. "We are Wyverns. We live three thousand years! What's a couple of decades to us compared to ensuring that our bloodline will live on for three thousand more years? 
 "As for me, I'm over two thousand years old. I have already reached the bright violet, mastered Origin Flames, and become the patriarch of my clan. There is nothing else I can strive for as a Wyvern. 
 "I have endured no world tribulations so I have no chance of becoming a Guardian. I've gotten nowhere close to discovering the secret of the white core in over two millennia. There's no reason to think doing the same things for one more will bring a different result. 
 "Who knows, maybe by teaching our youths, I will learn more about myself. By setting them on the right path I'll understand what I've done wrong until now. No matter how it goes, I won't have any regrets." Ghirslak sighed. 
 "Also, I'll lead by example. Here are my notes on everything but what is exclusive to my descendants." Several thick books appeared in the hands of each Wyvern, even those who had been pariahs until a few minutes ago. 
 Dryna quickly flipped through the pages, discovering teaching spells and magical techniques that could bring a complete novice to master Light Mastery, Warden magic, and Dimensional magic. 
 She had been kicked out of her family back when she was young and had only learned the basics. Now, however, most of her questions and doubts found their answers from a mere glance. 
 "On top of that, I've already contacted several females in the Council who are willing to bear my children." A pages-long list of names appeared in the hands of the flabbergasted Wyverns as well. "By my own rules, I'm still the patriarch." 
 The list contained names of human, plant folk, and Emperor Beast women who had gladly accepted Ghirslak's offer. Their children would receive a first-rate bloodline legacy and the power of Origin Flames, and that was just the tip of the iceberg. 
 Ghirslak had promised to train his children personally, teach them everything he knew, and split his riches among them upon his death. It meant the secret of the violet core, the secret techniques to manipulate Origin Flames, and the elusive Light Mastery discipline. 
 Useless to say, every Awakened bloodline worth its name had rushed to his doorstep, even the Hydras. They all hoped that a new species would be born among the children or maybe even a hybrid like Lith who would awaken his ancestral powers. 
 "I'm sorry to end this in an unpleasant note, but I have to." Ghirslak said after the questions and whispers died down. "I don't care about your preference in mating partners, but only children who carry the Wyvern bloodline count. 
 "Adoption doesn't allow one to pass down the different dormant Dragon bloodlines we possess. You can't teach how to use Origin Flames to those who can't produce them. Take this as a request, not an order. 
 "Make at least one child in your lifetime. Otherwise with each one of you who dies, our bloodline thins and our fire dims." This time Dryna could swear the patriarch was looking at her. "This assembly is dismissed." 
 Ghirslak appeared in the middle of the center stage, a towering figure among the exiled younglings. 
 "Welcome back, son." He told a flabbergasted youth who had no relationship with him. "If you have any question about those papers, grievances, or you just want to talk, my door is open." 
 Ghirslak wrapped the young Wyvern in his wings and the youth broke into tears. 
 Everything had happened too fast, his world had turned upside-down in just a few minutes. The young Wyvern's brain had refused to believe his own eyes and ears until the physical contact had proved to him it wasn't just a dream. 
 "Thank you. Thank you." The youth didn't care if the others Wyvern mocked him or found him pathetic. 
 After years of loneliness, he finally had a home and a family again. 
 "Welcome back, daughter." Ghirslak let go of the youth and moved on to the next in line, repeating his offer and embracing her. 
 Dryna couldn't understand how most of her brethren cried despite hearing those very same words dozens of times. 
 Until it was her turn. 
 "Welcome back, daughter." The patriarch wrapped her in his wings, bringing her close to his chest. 'I'm sorry for everything you went through. If you ever want to share your story, I'm willing to listen. I can't promise you justice, only understanding.' 
 Ghirslak said the last part via a mind link during the hug so every Wyvern listened to it only when it was their turn. 
 Dryna broke into tears, not only because she could feel Ghirslak's sincerity through the mind link, but also because she had been waiting to hear those words since the day of her banishment. 
 She believed she had resigned to her fate, yet she was wrong. The patriarch admitting she had been treated unfairly and the promise to do his best to rectify the situation was more than Dryna had ever hoped for. 
 She was still crying when Ghirslak shook Haug's hand. 
 "Thanks for taking care of her for all this time, Elder Haug. I owe you one." 
 "You owe me one or the Wyverns do?" Haug asked with a cold voice. 
 "I'd say the Wyverns, but I doubt you would trust them." Ghirslak said and Haug nodded. "You can trust me, though. If there's anything I can do for you, just ask." 
 "What about a lifetime supply of Origin Flames?" 
 Ghirslak laughed loud and hard until he noticed Haug's stern gaze. 
 "Wait, you're serious? Let me laugh harder." And he did. 
 "What about those papers on your dimensional magic research?" Haug turned red in embarrassment. "One more person studying them won't make much of a difference." 
 "And people say Wyverns are greedy!" Ghirslak teared up from laughter. "The answer is no, but I'll make you a deal. Those papers are for my family and you are part of Dryna's family. 
 "If she's willing to share them with you, I'll never know, right?" Ghirslak winked at Haug, patting his shoulder. 
 "Dryna?" Haug asked. 
 "Only if you give me the raise you promised me months ago, old man." She hugged him, licking his face and covering him in slob.