Chapter 3562  Tezka’s Promise (Part 1)
 
 
 The Adamant-Darwen suit cancelled Narisa's smell so once she disappeared from Tezka's sight, he would have no means to find her. 
 Unfortunately for her, a second swing of Endless Night moved part of the Nightmaze enchantment past her Warp Steps, leaving her surrounded. 
 The light tail stepped inside one of the dimensional fissures on his side and appeared on the other. 
 By the time Narisa realized her mistake, Tezka had already decapitated her. A split second later her body was minced into hundreds of fragments that a tier four Chaos Spell, Void Hollow, blew into dust. 
 'I know how the Gernoff operatives work. Her equipment was bound to have trackers, recording devices, and a self-destruct mechanism. If I brought her corpse back to the base and the tracking signal was blocked, everything would have exploded in our faces. 
 'I couldn't leave it here either, or the Gernoff would have retrieved the recording device and analysed my powers. I'm not leaving anything up to chance. Every one of our fights will be as dangerous as the first for them.' 
 The light tail put the Endless Night sword inside his pocket dimension and Warped toward his closest ally. 
 *** 
 "Come on, boy!" The fire tail said with a laugh. "Don't tell me that the deadly Gernoff clan entrusted a mission to someone who only knows how to run. You have all that equipment and I just have an armor. 
 "I have no Spirit Magic and am just one-tenth of the real Tezka. How much of an advantage do you need to grow a spine and face me?" 
 Elfip Gernoff didn't bother answering and infused his flight spell with more mana. Dimensional magic had proven useless so he focused on increasing his speed while slowing down his opponent. 
 As Elpif pushed his Ether Wings spell to nearly sonic speed, he conjured thin emerald walls in front of Tezka's flying path. The high-compressed Spirit Magic pushed the hardness of the constructs to the extreme and obscured the Fylgja's sight. 
 The fire tail powered up by the Suneater spell needed just a bit of effort to smash through them, but for a fraction of a second it was blinded. 
 'Good! He can't dodge my Spirit Magic even if he tries. It means the Eldritches have yet to recover Life Vision and that the clone after me is not hiding the Ears of Menadion.' Elpif thought as a plan took form in his mind. 
 "I'm tired of this game, boy." Tezka said after slamming into the umpteenth emerald wall that popped in his face out of thin air. The impact didn't hurt, but it annoyed Tezka because it was a reminder of all he had lost. "Time to end it!" 
 The long tail that came out of the small of his back stiffened and its tip opened, releasing the tier five Cursed Spell, Dried Husk, it stored. A burst of Cinder propelled Tezka forward like a rocket, allowing him to break past the sound barrier. 
 The fire tail turned into a living missile that blasted the emerald walls into pieces faster than Elfip could conjure them. 
 'All according to plan.' Elfip inwardly smiled when Tezka got so close that the final wall eclipsed the running Awakened from his sight. 
 In the brief moment between the wall's appearance and Tezka breaking it, Elfip unleashed one of the strongest Tier Five Spirit Spells he knew, Phoenix Smash, after pouring all his mana into it. 
 Phoenix Smash was the closest thing to Origin Flames that Spirit Magic could conjure. The emerald flames burned matter and energy alike and even though Elfip doubted Phoenix Smash would be enough to kill Tezka, it ensured his survival. 
 Elfip only needed one breath of Invigoration to regain his mana and one second to get away with a Warp Steps before collapsing it. 
 Tezka had gotten used to the human's desperate escape attempts and since Elfip had never used the cover of the walls to stage a counterattack, the Phoenix Smash caught him by surprise. 
 "I see, they chose you for this mission because of your brain. Well played. I'm going to use this trick in the future." The violet dimensional crystal on the Suneater armor lit up, activating the Distortion Field enchantment. 
 A Warp Sphere surrounded Tezka and displaced Phoenix Smash hundreds of meters away. The spell still carried Elfip's willpower but would never return to its master in time to save him. 
 Elifp Gernoff's mana core was still empty and his face twisted in horror when Tezka's fist hit him square in the chest. Elfip exploded along with his armor and then the Dried Husk spell hit his fragments, vaporizing them. 
 "Fuck, I'm second." The fire tail grimaced, putting the Suneater armor back into the pocket dimension. "I'll never let myself hear the end of it." 
 Then, he Warped away toward his next target. 
 *** 
 "Okay, this is embarrassing." The water tail cursed. "I'm not going to end up last!" 
 As Shabin Gernoff sped in front of him, having to idea what the ancient monster was talking about, the water tail activated the Maw of Bytra and cast all the spells it stored at the same time. 
 Void Howlings rained at Shabin from above, forcing him to perform high-speed curves that slowed him down. Strong winds pushed him around and carried humid air that condensed into water, drenching him. 
 Shabin couldn't see the point of that move but felt its sting when lightning bolts struck him. The armor insulated him, but Shabin still needed openings to see and breathe and the water carried the electricity straight into his body. 
 He only needed to focus his fusion magic on the earth element to nullify the attack and one second to die. 
 "Dude, I'm the water tail, not the air tail." The clone pointed at his ocean-blue fur. "The air and Chaos spells were just a diversion." 
 The block of ice that until a moment ago was Shabin Gernoff didn't reply, his dull eyes stared at nothing while he dove to the ground. 
 The clone used a Void Hunger to snack on the Awakened's remains and destroy them before resuming the hunt. 
 *** 
 "Most combat-oriented piece of the Menadion Set my furry ass!" The air tail cursed. "The Skull is absolutely useless if the other guy does nothing but run like a coward. I shouldn't have given you guys a head start!" 
 Tezka perceived all the spells Tarmus Gernoff cast and the enchantments he activated, but there was nothing he could do about them. Tarmus had recognized Menadion's design and had never used a Warp Steps that the Fylgja could predict and exploit to kill him. 
 "Oh well. Fourth position still beats the fifth." Due to the Darwen alloy of Tarmus' armor, it had taken the Skull a few seconds to get a stable reading of his mana flow. 
 Now the air tail could see Tarmus' flight spell in detail and predict when he would steer, in what direction, and with what speed. 
 Tarmus dodged a telegraphed Void Howling and flew into the tier five Choke spell, Necrostorm released by the air tail. 
 "Bonus points for killing him and destroying all traces with a single spell, okay?" Tezka said to no one. "Good talk." 
 He stored the Skull and Warped away.