Chapter 3573  Patient Healer Confidentiality (Part 2)
 
 
 On top of that, at the Travelling Taver Lith and the others could forego human manners and eat without worrying about keeping up appearances. 
 "A discount would hurt my pockets." Haug laughed. "Friendship is a beautiful thing but business is business and I rarely serve so much food to a single table." 
 "It's no big deal. I'll cover the bill." Lith said. "We are here to celebrate our friend, not to worry about small stuff." 
 "Thanks." Morok and Ryman inwardly sighed in relief. 
 Morok didn't like spending too much money due to his bad relationship with his in-laws while Protector had a lot of expenses already. Since Nalrond wasn't supposed to pay for his own bachelor party, even after splitting the bill three ways, it was bound to have a long series of zeros. 
 "I've heard you met this Ghirslak in person, Haug. Can you tell me your impression of him?" Lith asked. 
 "It's too early to tell but so far he's a breath of fresh air compared to Xedros." Since he was already there, he started grilling the meat and vegetables at the table. "I don't know if it's because of his age or the current crisis the Wyverns face, but Ghirslak seems ground-to-Mogar. 
 "He rejected Meln's offer off the bat, aided the attempt to capture him, and now Ghirslak has turned his bloodline's traditions upside-down. If his actions match his words, the Wyverns will enter a golden age in a few centuries. 
 "In the future, they might even catch up to the Hydras." 
 "Being better than Xedros is a low bar but knowing how these things go, the new patriarch might have easily been someone even worse." Ryman pondered. "Having a stand-up guy as Xedros' replacement is double the good news. What about his policy about children?" 
 Haug's face turned sour at the mention, making the table worry they had spoken too soon. 
 "It's going great." The barman stabbed the meat into skewers with a vengeance and served them. "More than great. The bastard was here just two days ago. After speaking with Dryna and offering her a scholarship, he stopped at the Tavern to eat. 
 "Between a dish and a drink, Ghirslak had the gall to whine about his project being too successful. He told me that most of the interested parties in his Wyverns repopulation program left after a few hot nights, yet some decided to remain. 
 "He has now something like ten Awakened women competing for the pecking order and working their way to become his wives." 
 "Wives?" Nalrond echoed. "Plural?" 
 "Yes!" Haug snarled. "Ghirslak can offer them powerful bloodline abilities, lots of treasure, a bloodline legacy, and important seats in the Council. On top of that, once he dies, he'll split his possessions evenly among his children. He's quite a catch. 
 "The poor Ghirslak complained that between his magical academy and his repopulation program, he can barely keep up with Invigoration. He thanked me for the hospitality because he needed some time alone to catch his breath." 
 "In other words, you are green with envy." Morok nodded. 
 "Oh, no. I'm not just envious." Haug shook his head. "I'm absolutely livid! I'm a man dying of thirst watching another man drown. There is no line of women wanting to be with me. What does he have that I don't?" 
 "Let's see." Morok rubbed his chin. "A whole mountain as huge luxurious lair, wealth, and mastery over one of the most elusive branches of light magic-" 
 "I know that!" Haug threw a murderous glare at the Tyrant. "I wanted compassion and maybe a few nice words, not an honest answer." 
 "I understand." Morok nodded. "Don't beat yourself up, old man. True beauty comes from within and you have a lot to offer. Like a discount." 
 "Thanks." Haug rolled his eyes while the rest of the table laughed. 
 "Here, have a beer. My treat." Lith poured Haug a glass which he gulped down like medicine. 
 "Have a seat." Nalrond pulled a chair. "If there's something I've learned about women, it's that if you stick to Lith you'll find the right one. It worked even for Morok so it should be a piece of cake for someone normal like you." 
 "What do you mean, even for me?" Morok grunted and the barkeep finally found his smile back. 
 *** 
 A few days later, Lith was working on a new project when he received a call from Vastor. 
 "Is everything alright, Zogar?" Lith asked as soon as the hologram of the professor appeared. 
 "Yeah, don't worry." Vastor replied. "I'm not like a certain someone who calls his friends only when he needs something from them. This is half a social call and half business. I finished studying the Emperor Beasts' papers about Hatorne's research a few days ago. 
 "I've reverse-engineered the tattoo potions and the first batch of injection materials is ready. I don't know if the Royals will uphold their end of the bargain so I wanted you to know that I got you covered." 
 "Thanks, Zogar." Lith chatted for a bit before moving to another topic that interested him. "I have a question for you. While I was in Kophar, I faced a Behemoth who cast two spells of the elemental god series." 
 "Two?" Vastor echoed in disbelief. 
 "Yes." Lith nodded. "He used them to conjure spells of all tiers and effects without burdening his mind. Has this kind of technique been researched in the past? It seemed powerful but I've never seen Awakened or Professors using it before." 
 "And for a good reason." Vastor replied. "Keeping two tier five spells active consumes a lot of mana and focus. Under normal circumstances, you don't have the time to cast more than one tier five spell. 
 "Even if you succeed casting two, your options are limited and your mana will soon run out. Awakened can afford it with Invigoration, but even they know better. It's great for shock and awe, but it lacks versatility. 
 "If your opponent has the means to counter one of the two elements, your entire strategy falls apart. Three elements would be great, but then you'd have a Tower Spell and those are the stuff of legends." He shrugged. 
 "Too bad. It seemed an interesting strategy." Lith said. 
 "It is." Vastor said. "You might want to call Quylla. The last time I heard from her, she was researching something similar." 
 "How could she-" Lith stopped halfway as he answered his own question. "The twins." 
 "The twins." Vastor nodded. "I told her it's a waste of time. Her power boost will last only for a few more months. After that, Quylla will be a mortal like the rest of us. She was determined, though. She seemed to be onto something." 
 "And you didn't pry?" Lith asked. 
 "About another's mage private research?" Vastor scoffed. "That's so rude I might as well have asked her to undress. Knowledge between friends can only be offered, not stolen, my boy." 
 Lith then shared his worries about his mother with Vastor and Vastor his problems with Zinya. 
 "She wants to be Awakened but knows that if I do it for her, Filia and Frey will ask me to do the same for them." He sighed. 
 "What about you?" Lith asked. 
 "I don't want any of them to Awaken." Vastor replied.