Chapter 3578  The Dangers of Peace (Part 1)
 
 
 Without prey, the various monster tribes would turn against their weakest members and then against the other monster tides. The blood of the fallen monsters would irrigate the dry soil and their corpses would be excellent fertilizer. 
 "Half the continent?" Aren asked. "I'm not complaining, but how could you restore so much land in a little more than two years? During the last assembly, you said it would take the Fae decades to undo the damage Jiera has suffered." 
 "Verhen." Maeve spat more than spoke the word, her face twisting into a disgusted grimace as if it coated her tongue in sour poison. 
 Her expression spread to her peers like a plague. 
 Breganoth, the Lick King and undead representative was the most shocked and outraged of them all. Despite the little flesh covering his face, the burning red light of his eyes conveyed the righteous fury possessing him. 
 Breganoth's love for his land and passion for their common cause moved the rest of the Council representatives. 
 At least until he opened his mouth. 
 "Who's Verhen? Who are you people and what are you doing in my home?" The Lich King opened his arms, conjuring his Davross staff, Starbrand, and the fury of a natural storm in the Council Hall. "Prepare to pay for your crimes, you knaves! 
 "You're done stealing my toilet paper!" 
 "This is not your home. This is the Council, you idiot!" Fenagar the Leviathan and current Guardian representative didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "What even is toilet paper and why should someone break into a Lich's domain to steal it?" 
 The light of Breganoth's eyes went on and off for a few seconds, as if he was blinking. 
 "You're right, my home is nothing like this rathole." Breganoth looked at the luxurious furniture in contempt. "As for your question, you disappoint me, Guardian. How can you be so barbaric that you don't know toilet paper? 
 "It's a soft kind of paper you use to wipe your butt once you are done with your business." 
 "First, that's a waste of paper since darkness magic is a thing." Fenagar retorted. "Second, when was the last time you used a bathroom exactly?" 
 "Around the time you took your seat in the Council." Breganoth pondered the question hard before replying. 
 "That's two millennia ago! Your toilet paper must have turned into dust by now!" The Leviathan roared. 
 "That explains what that pile of dirt in my bathroom was! You're a genius, Fenagar." 
 "As I was saying, since Verhen's second trip to Jiera, things got better for us." Maeve decided to ignore the Lich King for the rest of the assembly. "Thaymos the Eternal Fortress was destroyed, Argantyr the Elemental Lord recaptured, and Auros the Bringer of Unity started to behave. 
 "In the span of a few months, we got rid of three lost cities. Without their negative influence on the land and the protection they offered to the monster tides, we managed to reclaim many regions after the various colonist parties reinforced their presence in the area." 
 She pointed at the locations of the Fringes hosting the elves' root cities and the settlements of the Kingdom, the Empire, the Desert, and the citizens of Zelex. 
 "Wait, what do you mean, Auros behaves?" Breganoth asked, and for once Maeve didn't roll her eyes at his question. 
 "Auros doesn't attack us anymore unless we invade his turf. He sticks to it and protects it from monsters, other lost cities, and even Eldritches. Even though unwillingly, he is helping us. 
 "All we had to do was send some of the biggest threats to our safety his way and Auros disposed of them for us." 
 "Finally!" Gyrwin sighed in relief. "After so much misfortune we deserve a lucky break." 
 Luck had nothing to do with it. 
 Auros lacked the strength to fight opponents of that caliber for long, but the Organization was a different story. Whenever the Bringer of Unity was in danger, he would call for help and receive it. 
 After facing Orulm once and being crippled by the encounter, no lost city wanted a rematch with the Breaker. Eldritches were nigh immortal but the vision of Tezka walking through a Chaos Gate was enough to send them running. 
 As for the monster tides, any Eldritch of the Organization could deal with them. They had infinite hunger and endless strength. Aside from trolls, a single Eldritch could slaughter millions of monsters in one night. 
 "A break that still cost us dearly." Aren pointed at the foreign and elvish strongholds. "We are still losing our land." 
 "But at least Jiera will live on." Fenagar chimed in. "I've talked with the Guardians of Zima and they have deactivated all the contingency measures to destroy us. Now that the crisis is contained and the advance of the monster tides halted, my fellow Guardians have moved their attention back to their business." 
 Everyone around the table let out a big sigh of relief. 
 There was a thin line at the borders between the turfs of the Guardians of the two continents. If a single creature, even one monster, were to cross it from Jiera to Zima, a barrage of mass-destruction Guardian Tier spells would have turned Jiera into a memory. 
 "Our constant efforts and success have gained us the trust of my peers. Zima's Guardians have been reassured that Jiera poses no longer a threat to their turf and are willing to trust us to resolve any issue that might arise at our borders." 
 Fenagar showed more confidence than he actually had. His body had yet to fully recover from the beating he had taken from Vastor's hybrids and Roghar was in even worse shape. 
 Zagran was the only Guardian of Jiera at full power, which limited their options a lot when dealing with lost cities. 
 "This is all good and proper but you have overlooked a few major aspects of our predicament." Much to everyone's surprise, Breganoth was staring at the map with a focus they had never seen before. 
 "You keep focusing on the present and forget that with each step forward we take, new problems will replace those we have just solved. There is no time to waste enjoying our current peace. 
 "We must be ready for what comes next or everything we've painstakingly rebuilt will crumble when the storm comes." 
 "What storm?" Aren asked. 
 "With the monsters' numbers dwindling, the lost cities will soon need more victims to fuel their powers and those who don't prey on living beings will have an easier time infecting our land unopposed." Breganoth replied. 
 "The Liches and I are working with Vladion the Firstborn. We found a method to put the lost cities under new, stable seals that will not only contain them, but also allow us to study the lost cities from a safe distance until we learn how to destroy them safely. 
 "Useless to say, we haven't succeeded once but we've learned something important from our attempts. Cursed objects have some type of communication network, and use it to call for reinforcements when cornered. 
 "We are not Guardians and lack whatever power Verhen used to ground Argantyr to dust. To seal a lost city takes days, but before we are done, another cursed object appears and destroys the temporary containment field."