Chapter 3586  Late to the Party (Part 1)
 
 
 "Ishil was supposed to travel to Gabash on the day Acala broke Dawn free." Nalrond said. "She wanted to buy a white fabric roll for her wedding dress and a few decorations for our future home." 
 "So she might have survived as well." Friya pointed out. 
 "Unlikely." He replied. "Ishil said she would leave after lunch. She first wanted to discuss the final details of our ceremony with my mother and was waiting for her to return from her patrol. 
 "Dawn escaped at noon, when the sun was at its highest and my mother still on her way back. I believe Ishil is dead. Otherwise, I would have met her in Gabash. I reached the village just hours after the attack. 
 "You have no idea how slow she was when shopping. We only had the money we made as healers and she thought thrice before spending a single copper coin. Her constant back and forth before picking a gods-damn doily drove me crazy every time we went to the market together." A sad smile formed on his face, making Friya's heart tighten. 
 She could hear the nostalgia in his voice and see the love in his eyes. 
 No matter how many times she heard him speak Ishil's name, it always held so much affection that it made Friya feel like a consolation prize. It lasted just one second, and she could never tell whether Nalrond still had feelings for Ishil or if it was all in Friya's head, yet it hurt just the same. 
 "What if the Rezar they spotted is Ishil?" It was the worst possible moment to ask that question yet she couldn't help herself. "What if she survived? What about us?" 
 "I don't think it's her." Nalrond said with cold finality. "She was likely still in my village when Dawn attacked. My father probably charged into battle like a bull to defend our people and my mother rushed back the moment she saw smoke rising on the horizon. 
 "My hope to find any of them alive is just that. Hope. I didn't count the corpses but there were plenty near my house and Ishil's. I'm sure they are dead. I can feel it in my heart." 
 "You still haven't answered my question." Friya didn't let him avoid the subject. "What if you are wrong? What if one or more of them survived?" 
 "If my father or mother are alive, I'll probably cry." Nalrond walked in front of Friya and took her hands into his. "Then, I'll ask them where they have been all this time, and after kicking their asses I'll invite them to our wedding. I hope an extra guest isn't a burden." 
 "Don't be silly." She caressed his fingers with her thumbs. "I would love to meet my in-laws and they would be welcome to move in near us and attend the wedding. They are family." 
 "Near us? Not with us?" Nalrond echoed, chuckling. 
 "No newlywed wants to live with their in-laws." Friya blushed a bit. "I didn't escape my parents' clutches just to fall into your parents'. I want us to enjoy our life together before adding permanent guests to our home." 
 "Agreed." Nalrond nodded. 
 "What about Ishil?" Friya pressed on. 
 "If she's alive, I'll probably cry no less than for my parents." His reply made Friya swallow hard. "Then I'd ask her if there's something I can help her with and wish her a happy life. 
 "We've been distant for too long and I've moved on. I've stopped wondering about what might have been between her and me. I look forward to our future together, Friya. I'm done mourning Ishil and, if she's alive, I bet she has done the same and started a new life. 
 "We are not the same people we were back then and there's no going back. Whoever this mysterious Rezar is, assuming it's even a Rezar, I want to help them. I need to make sure I'm not the last of my species. Even if it turns out to be someone I despised." 
 "Can I come with you?" Friya asked, wringing her hands. 
 "You must come with me." He chuckled. "I don't trust myself or my poker face if we get there too late and the Rezar has already been captured. I need you to keep me grounded." 
 "Thank you." She gave him a dazzling smile. "We can't go alone. Neither of us has reached the bright violet core and a single Council Elder would wipe the ground with our corpses. We need a heavyweight." 
 "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Nalrond asked. 
 "You bet I do." Friya replied. 
 *** 
 "I can't fight the entire Council alone and I'm too deep in my experiments to take such a long break." Faluel and most of the Hydra bloodline were working on awakening their dormant mana organs. 
 "No way." Faluel replied. "I can't come with you. I'm a Council Elder as well and there's not much I can do. I can solve a quarrel with a Spirit Duel, but that would sour my relationship with the other elders. 
 "Once you find the Rezar, if even it's a Rezar, you need to get away fast. If someone sees you with the Rezar, they won't believe you are protecting the Rezar but that you want to keep their knowledge all for yourself. 
 "I can't fight the entire Council alone and I'm too deep in my experiments to take such a long break." Faluel and most of the Hydra bloodline were working on awakening their dormant mana organs. 
 Baba Yaga had shown them that it was possible and all Dragons were supposed to have Origin Flames and Dragon Eyes. Just those two bloodline abilities were enough to make the Hydras the most powerful species among the Lesser Dragons. 
 Baba Yaga had outlined the necessary mana organs in Ufyl's life force and Faluel had found them in her life force as well. Yet even with the help of her mother and the Hands of Menadion, she was still at square one. 
 "On top of that, I have no authority in the Silvar region. The local rulers outrank me and the local authorities would ignore me. You need someone who can pull rank and help you bring your Rezar friend away with untraceable means." 
 "Lith." Friya and Nalrond groaned in unison. 
 "Menadion can distract the Elders until the end of times, his tower can move between continents in a moment, and his Supreme Magus status can open him doors even Awakened struggle with." Faluel nodded. 
 "Also, his reputation is much worse than mine. If he threatens someone, you can be certain they'll believe him." 
 "I would feel safer if you came with us, Master Faluel." Friya said. 
 "And so would I, but an Elder moving would draw too much attention on you." Faluel replied. "People would think we have a solid lead and follow us everywhere. If you go alone, instead, it will seem I'm just another skeptical Elder sending my disciples to look for clues." 
 "What about Lith?" Nalrond asked. "Won't people suspect he's onto something?" 
 "Lith?" Faluel snorted. "He's no Elder, plays no politics, and most of all, everyone knows he's your friend and fellow disciple. As long as he acts like he hates being there and whines about you dragging him away from his lab, no one will suspect a thing." 
 "That should be easy." Friya chuckled. "That sounds like something Lith would do."