Chapter 3601  Flowing Strength (Part 2)
 
 
 At the same time, Axiran pulled out a crimson flask from each of the ample sleeves of his mage robe. Lith wondered what use an undead could have for alchemical potions until the Blood Warlock popped the corks with his thumbs and released two crimson rivers. 
 Until Menadion's words echoed in his head. 
 Blood Witches used Blood Magic to obtain the same effects as Spirit Magic that non-Awakened lacked. Once they Awakened, however, Blood Magic became far from useless. 
 No matter if it was stored inside their blood cores or a glass vessel, the deep connection of the Blood Witches with the vital essence combined with their mastery over Spirit Magic allowed them to extract the seventh element from blood. 
 The red rivers turned emerald green as Axiran released two of his best tier five Spirit Spells, Raging Phoenix and Crimson Dragon. Two majestic constructs stood by the side of their master, protecting him from both his enemy and alleged allies. 
 The energy tendrils stretching from the nearby mines seeped inside the spells, fueling them with an endless supply of mana and leaving Axiran free to prepare new spells. 
 Lith, instead, kept the Eyes on Flowing Strength to steal its secrets and stepped aside. 
 Nalrond jumped inside the room with a furious snarl and conjured a second Daymare. Four luminous spheres formed around him and flooded the safe house with pulsed waves of light element. 
 With the sun shining bright above the mines, Salman's spell from behind, and Nalrond's from the front, the Blood Warlock fell to his knees. Weakness washed over him as his body cried for the sweet relief of slumber. 
 An undead needed decades of training and unbending will to move during the day. Yet the fact that it became possible didn't make it easy. Even a Firstborn like Vladion had his powers weakened since staying awake drained part of his focus until sundown. 
 One Daymare made Axiran feel like an invisible enemy was bashing his skull with an Adamant bat. The second turned his body into lead and dampened his mana flow. 
 The Blood Warlock's eyes almost rolled back, and his focus faltered. It took him everything he had just to keep the constructs from fading. 
 The noise alone sent Axiran sprawling on the ground and stopped Iraka in her tracks. She and her disciples instinctively covered their bleeding ears even though it was too late, their eardrums already burst. 
 His attack halted as suddenly as it had started, leaving Iraka alone in her charge. 
 Friya attacked right after Nalrond to exploit the moment of confusion. She extended her arm from around the corner into the room and shot with Thundercrash. 
 The noise alone sent Axiran sprawling on the ground and stopped Iraka in her tracks. She and her disciples instinctively covered their bleeding ears even though it was too late, their eardrums already burst. 
 The electromagnetic bullet pierced through six Spirit Barriers and one-centimeter-thick enchanted Adamant armor yet still had enough power to cave Iraka's skull. If not for the Blood Maelstrom and Flowing Strength empowering her, she would have died on the spot. 
 Her disciples healed her with Invigoration and wrapped her with more barriers to protect her until her vision cleared. 
 Lith and the others were insulated by a Hush Zone that stopped both the noise and the shockwave produced by the railgun. The Blood Warlock wasn't so lucky, and even though the bullet only passed near him, he was sent crashing against the wall. 
 His constructs shattered, and he had to employ every iota of willpower he could spare to reform them before they faded into nothingness and Solus' Fury struck. Crimson Dragon shielded its master with its massive body and shattered again. 
 Yet the failed attack left Solus open to a counterattack from the Raging Phoenix spell. The second construct turned into a searing wave of emerald flames that Menadion blocked with a Spirit Spell of her own before shattering them with her Fury. 
 "You fucking bastard!" Iraka resisted the attacks of Lith's Demons only thanks to the combined efforts of her disciples. "You said I had the advantage of numbers!" 
 "I lied." Lith shrugged as he Spirit Blinked to Salman's side. 
 Ragnarök made short work of the stretched arrays and the spells cornering the Rezar. With Iraka and Axiran too busy saving their lives to control the magical formations, Lith carved a path to bring the Rezar to safety. 
 "Do you realize the trouble you put me through to save your sorry ass, you stupid creature?" Nalrond's voice almost cracked with emotion. 
 He put everything he had into Daymare, conjuring a barrage of highly compressed heat rays from the spheres. Each ray was small and focused, allowing Nalrond to control their trajectory at will. 
 They were no different from laser pointers until they reached their target and the Agni increased their mana output. 
 "Nalrond?" Salaman froze on the spot. 
 The voice was different, the form was different, but the Rezar could recognize that smell amid thousands. 
 "Is that really you?" His eyes misted with tears and Daymare started to fade. 
 At least until Lith slapped him back to his senses. 
 "Less talking, more fighting, you idiot." He snarled. "You just blew our cover. Now we can't afford to escape and have to kill these assholes." 
 "What do you mean?" The Rezar wasn't used to subtleties and until a moment ago, he had believed Lith and the Agni to be just more enemies. 
 Only now did he realize that they were on his side and that with those few words, he had just destroyed any chance they had to leave without a fight. 
 "Nalrond?" So great was his fury that Axiran managed to stand up out of sheer spite. "How do you know his name?" 
 "You still don't get it?" Iraka hated Lith with the intensity of a thousand suns. "Look at them, you senile old fool. Perfect fusion of human and Emperor Beast my ass. The Agni is an evolution of the Rezar!" 
 Nalrond's beast form was bigger, his scales grey instead of sandy, and he had bone blades coming out of his forearms but the resemblance with the Rezar was undeniable. 
 "I'm sorry! I-" Lith cut Salman short again as he blocked a barrage of spells that would have otherwise turned Salman into mush. 
 "No talking! Daymare!" He pointed at the four wobbling spheres and the Blood Warlock, who was finding his bearing again. 
 Salman inwardly cursed himself for his stupidity and restored his spell. Axiran fell on one knee, but his back remained straight. 
 "Begone, weaklings!" A wave of his hand conjured a wave of Blood Flames that washed over the Demons, forcing them to retreat. 
 A full-red blood core was stronger than a bright violet core, and the Blood Warlock was further empowered by the Blood Maelstrom. Between that and his arrays, Axiran would have been the most powerful individual in the room if not for his weakened state. 
 'I'm sorry our assault failed, but we did our best.' Locrias said via the black chains. 'Their equipment is better than ours, and that woman is a skilled fighter. With the support of those kids and the red lightning boosting their abilities, we are not their match.' 
 Iraka unleashed Mana Storm, Phoenix Smash, and Breakdown in quick succession. She used her apprentices' minds and mana to cast her spells and their senses to have a complete grasp of the battlefield.