The strongest and oldest Eldritches were also the most hated, and the Guardians of Verendi were happy to kill two birds with one stone by settling old scores while also protecting Mogar's balance.
The Master's goals were a mystery, but a single person amassing so much power and resources in their hands was a threat to the entire continent that the Guardians couldn't let go unchecked.
The Master's envoys infiltrated the governments of the countries where the mines were located, to ensure the Organization's operations wouldn't be disturbed.
Eldritches and Abominations offered part of the mined resources and their occasional help in exchange for the exploitation rights. The local rulers rarely turned down the Organization's helping hand.
There were so many wars in Verendi that every bit of resources was precious, and the manpower to extract them was sorely lacking. The best mages spent most of their time deployed on the frontline, and recalling them would draw the attention of the enemy.
If spies caught wind of the existence of untapped mines, the frontlines would shift, and mining would not only become impossible but also dangerous. One spell in the wrong place and a crystal mine would detonate, killing all the mages who worked there.
On top of that, the Abominations sent to negotiate terms were well known and feared by the local populations since they were children. Even kings and ministers knew the stories of the old monsters and how even the greatest heroes of the past had only managed to banish, never to kill them.
Having the Abominations as allies in the border conflicts was alluring, but the greatest motivator for the local rulers to accept the Organization's deal was to keep the deadly creatures from joining the enemy forces.
The local rulers assumed that their alliance with the Organization would provide them with magical resources and military support while also ensuring the loyalty of the Abominations.
Little did they know that each side was offered the same deal, and the Abominations never fought against their own. They took part only in the most desperate battles and only to remind the people in charge of how much they needed the Organization's help.
The Guardians couldn't allow the Master to monopolize Verendi's resources and control so many countries from the shadows. They helped the Awakened Council whenever they could, and the Abominations who failed to retreat in time met their ultimate death.
"Indeed." Orpal nodded. "But the Council's first extermination is only half the story. You should know that things would have never gotten to this point if the Eldritches didn't have the golden chance to capture your mother and learn how to defeat Guardians."
"I know. It's all Tyris's fault." Akhton pointed at Jorl and spat at the nearest shadow in hatred. "Your mother slaughtered the newborn Awakened Council right when the tides of battle were turning in our favor and beat my mother senseless for no reason.
"My mother's wounds were so severe that she could barely move even after months of healing. Yet when the Eldritches attacked, she didn't hesitate to stand against them. After they captured and studied her, the other two Guardians stopped showing their face unless they secured the battlefield first.
"I used to call them cowards, but then I heard what the Eldritches did in Jiera. Those fuckers managed to fight against three Guardians at the same time and crippled two of them.
"If the same happened here in Verendi, now there would be nothing stopping the Eldritches from turning this continent into their plaything."
"How is that my mother's fault?" Jorl sneered with spite. "If Ileza knew to be nowhere close Tyris' match, she shouldn't have stood in my mother's way. If Ileza overestimated herself, then she's a fool and deserved everything that came her way.
"Only idiots think that being right gives them any advantage on the battlefield. When the Eldritches came for her, Ileza should have hidden in the deepest hole she could find until her wounds healed.
"She learned nothing from her fight with Tyris and charged one more time against an enemy she knew she couldn't defeat. If you don't see it, then you are as stupid as your mother."
"I didn't ask nor do I care for your opinion." Akhton's eyes flared with bright violet mana. "Now take what you said about my mother back, or I'll make you."
The entire body of the Bastet became engulfed with golden light, and a roaring mane of fire appeared around his neck, making Orpal's eyes burn with envy and desire.
"You and what army?" Silvery lightning bolts arched across Jorl's body while golden hard-light weapons appeared in mid-air. "Not Susha's. The humans are all dead, and you don't look much of a necromancer."
"That does it!" Akhton stepped forward, but Orpal put himself and Moonlight between the Divine Beasts.
"Calm down, I've not come here to fight and, as hard to believe it might sound, neither did Jorl. He's just an asshole. You can beat the crap out of him later, if you want, but not before you listen to my proposal."
"And why should I do that?" Akhton snarled.
"Because I'm here to offer you the truth and the means to achieve whatever goal you have in mind. All I ask you is to use your brain instead of your fists for five minutes." Orpal replied.
"Five minutes starting from now, kid." Akhton nodded, intrigued more by the opportunity to see a legendary mage tower in action than by Dead King's words.
"Watch." Orpal showed Akhton the footage of the Day of the Black Sun and the warnings that Garlen's Awakened Council had issued to stay away from Kamila Verhen so as not to incur Verendi's same fate.
The projection took longer than five minutes, but Akhton didn't notice it. He stood there, his eyes wide as he watched the projection with a mix of shock and disbelief.
"Is that really the reason my Awakened Council was decimated the second time and my mother was crippled?" The Bastet looked at Jorl. "Because of an insignificant human woman and a pathetic unborn hybrid child?"
Akhton knew little of Orpal's reputation, but it was enough to doubt everything that came from him, even official Council documents. On top of that, the Undead King wanted something from Akhton, so he expected the Vurdalak to stretch the truth if necessary.
The Storm Griffon, instead, was brash and rude. His attitude was that of someone who had lost a bet and had been dragged around against his better judgment. Jorl's spite for both Akhton and Orpal was palpable, and it made him a much more reliable source.
'He has no interest in persuading me into accepting Orpal's offer, and a proud creature like a Griffon won't bother lying to someone he clearly considers his inferior.'
"Yes, he's telling you the truth." Jorl replied. "Your Council planned its stupid revenge and paid the price for it. Just like you mother. She was equally stupid to defy Tyris' decree with her pathetic strength.
"Even if by some miracle Ileza managed to stop my mother, the moment Kamila Verhen was safe two more Guardians would have come to Verendi. There is no hope of victory against the combined might of three of the six original Guardians.