"What does he/she have that I don't?" More than one apprentice snarled.
"Well, Nalrond Fastarrow is the first successful fusion between an Emperor Beast and a human, an accomplished Light Master, and owns a share of silver mines. Plural." That was the answer most male Awakened received.
"Well, Friya Ernas belongs to one of the most powerful and rich families of the Kingdom. She's a talented dimensional mage and was gorgeous long before becoming an Awakened." That was the answer most female Awakened received.
Both answers only made the apprentices angrier and the surveillance laxer.
Public displays of affection were frowned upon, but the couple didn't care. Every kiss and hug forced the calmer among the Awakened to drag their companions away before they blew up their cover in a fit of rage.
Once the "vacation" was over, Lith stayed true to his word.
He returned to Gabash, discovering that only half of the Awakened apprentices were still there.
"Thank you for checking on us, Supreme Magus Verhen." Bor, the village head, said. "Things have gotten better, but we are tired of sharing our village with these people. Please, send them away."
"You heard the man." Lith floated in mid-air, drawing everyone's attention. "You've overstayed your welcome. Go home. If your masters have something to say, tell them the truth. You've found nothing in almost two weeks, and searching Gabash any longer won't achieve anything.
"Even assuming there was really a Rezar here, he's long gone. By now, he might be in the Empire or the Desert. If you want to keep wasting your time, do it somewhere else. This is my order as the Kingdom's Supreme Magus. Any objections?"
Lith was following Awakened customs and giving the apprentices the opportunity to challenge his authority. They all shook their heads and disappeared in a Warp Steps.
Only their masters were powerful enough to answer Lith's challenge, but if they had refused to leave their labs while the trail was fresh, they wouldn't do it now that it was dead cold.
On top of that, the apprentices had received precise orders not to antagonize Verhen.
His Origin Flames, bloodline abilities, and Menadion's services were highly sought after. Many Awakened were just waiting for his marriage to go wrong or for Kamila to die of old age to make their move.
They couldn't risk souring the relationship with their future husband/son-in-law before it even started.
"Is there anything else I can do for you before I leave?" Lith asked after all the Awakened were gone.
"No." Bor shook his head. "Just… tell all your friends they are most welcome here. You are our hero and Gabash's people would love to return your kindness by treating any friend of yours as our honored guest."
"I will." Lith nodded, understanding it was a message for Salman.
The group flew to the closest city with a Warp Gate and went straight back to Lith's barn. From there, they went to Faluel's lair to give her their report, just like those keeping an eye on his house would expect.
The moment he entered the Hydra's lair, the few Awakened disciples still tailing Lith gave up on finding the alleged Rezar and returned home with the permission of their masters.
"Are you alright, Master Faluel?" Friya was worried for the Hydra.
Saving Friya's life and turning her into a Harbinger had drained Faluel's strength. On top of that, she had sounded weird during their last call.
"I'm perfectly fine, thank you." Faluel welcomed her old and current disciples with a bright smile. "I was just exhausted as if I had a breakthrough right after running out of Invigoration.
"Most unpleasant, but nothing a couple of good nights' sleep couldn't fix. What about you, Friya? According to the tales passed down by my Dragon ancestors, the first days as a Harbinger are the hardest."
Those words triggered sultry memories in Friya's mind that made the Hydra blush.
'Please, no. I'm already mad horny on my own!'
'You saw my memories and got aroused?' Friya asked via the involuntary mind link, blushing as well.
'Gods, did you just hear my thoughts?' Faluel turned beet red up to the tip of her ears. 'You weren't supposed to do that. Also, it's not my fault if I'm like this. It's yours for bringing Salman here.'
'Are you blaming me for almost dying, or do you regret saving my life?' Friya's face twisted in anger.
'Of course I don't! Please, stay out of my head!' Faluel whined.
'That's my line!'
"Is it me, or are we missing some context here?" Lith asked while witnessing the two women's changing expressions as they had a heated conversation that no one else could hear.
"I bet we do." Nalrond sighed. "Gods, this is just you and Solus all over again."
"Is this how we look?" Lith noticed prismatic flashes of light in Friya's and Faluel's eyes as the conversation got more and more embarrassing.
"Yep, welcome to the peanut gallery, kid." Menadion said. "Now you'll experience how creepy you two are."
"Mom!" Solus said.
"You don't like hearing it, I don't like watching it." Menadion shrugged. "We're even."
"Faluel, not to interrupt your fun, but how is Salman? Is… everything alright with him?" Lith emphasized the last phrase, worried about the secret of the tower.
"I'm more than okay, thank you for saving me." Answered a deep, tenor voice. "I'm Salman the Rezar, and you are…"
The man who walked out of the shadow of a colossal pile of gold made everyone's eyes go wide. Salman had the same bronze skin as Nalrond, but soft wheat blonde hair framed his face.
The stark contrast was further emphasized by his clear blue eyes. He was 1.96 meters (6'5") tall with wide shoulders and toned muscles that bulged under his clothes with every movement he made.
He made Lith look short and Orion a slacker.
"By my Mom!" Solus said. "He's the male version of Friya before Awakening!"
Suddenly, Faluel's weird behaviour and Jinx's comments about Salman's many suitors made sense.
"Who's Friya?" Salman asked in confusion.
"He's also nothing like the description we got in the report." Lith frowned. "Nalrond, do you mind explaining this to us?"
"I did mention he was tall and…" The Agni waved at his clanmate. "Muscular."
"I'm pretty sure you missed all the handsome in between, though." Menadion chuckled. "Are you perhaps jealous?"
"Thanks for your kind words, miss. Are you two twins?" As Salman pointed at Solus, he gave Ripha a smile that was too charming not to be flirtatious.
"Slow down, kid. She's my daughter, and you're neither my type nor hers." Menadion's gaze hardened. "I like kind men who are into art and not so tall that they make me feel like a child. As for my daughter, she likes that." She pointed at Lith.
"Mom!" Solus blushed wildly, and Faluel and Friya finally stopped arguing.
"I'm sorry." Salman stepped back as if she had slapped him. "I didn't mean to-"
"I'm not envious, Ripha. More like disgusted." Nalrond's voice was as cold as when he talked about Acala. "Of all our people, it had to be you."
"I know we've never been close, but after seeing you fight to save me, I thought-"