"Drakes are the perfect Lesser Dragons who have everything they need. They just need to take the final evolutionary step. Everyone else, even Hydras, are failed Dragons who have already achieved Dragonhood and lost it.
"We were born from the apex of our bloodline, but something went wrong at conception. We are Lesser Dragons who, for lack of a kinder term, are not much different from the Fallen Races.
"That's why your evolutionary process is so straightforward, whereas mine is filled with twists and turns. That's why some of Thrud's Generals evolved into already established Divine Beasts' bloodlines and only a few became new forms of life."
"I see." Ajatar nodded. "That's why Iata the Scorpicore became a Sekhmet just like her foremother, and Rimo the Drake became a Fire Dragon. It was because their bloodlines were..."
"Pure." Faluel completed the phrase for him, glad for his kindness. "Please, I know you mean no offense. This is a new revelation, and we need to discuss it freely. There's no need to mince words."
"It sounds rude calling you a failed Dragon or a half-blood." Ajatar said and she wanted to deny his words, but the pit she felt in her stomach begged to differ.
"It is, but there's only us here. We'll find nicer terms later." The Hydra said. "What really matters is that Drakes can pave the way for all Lesser Dragons. By studying your life force, we can determine what a correct evolution looks like and save us a lot of time and failures."
"But not all." Ajatar pondered. "Each Lesser Dragon species is bound to have different mana organs or at least significant deviations in their life forces, like the rest of the Dragon bloodlines. Otherwise, Ufyl wouldn't have retained his seven heads."
"Indeed, but at least we'll know where to start and most of what to avoid." Faluel nodded. "This is an amazing discovery. We can use it for all lesser Divine Beasts. Firebirds will be the base for Phoenixes, while Behemoths for Griffons!"
"And Jormungandrs for Leviathans." Ajatar pointed out.
"No offense, but the children of the Guardians of Jiera are at the bottom of my list of priorities." The Hydra snorted
"Fine by me. You can count on my help and that of my species for your research." The Drake said. "They will never turn down the opportunity to become real Dragons.
"Yet I'm not going to be there when you share your theory with the other Hydras."
"Good gods!" Faluel's heads became pale at the idea. "They are going to be happy at first, but then they are going to be mad. So mad."
"And you are going to be the target of their anger." Ajatar nodded.
"I need more of that ice cream." Faluel said, rushing toward her kitchen.
***
Verhen Mansion, at the same time.
"We are leaving, Mom." Lith said. "If you need anything, and I mean anything, you just need to call me."
"Don't worry, dear. I think Mogar will keep spinning even in your absence." Elina said with a chuckle. "But thanks for the offer. I'll stay out of your hair unless something big happens."
"Something very big." Solus chimed in. "With me here, there aren't many people who can get inside the Mansion and live to tell the tale."
Lith had already given her the stone ring. Between the constant flow of world energy from the mana geyser below the Mansion and Solus' newfound deep violet core, the tower could hold its ground against more than one Divine Beast at a time.
"Thanks, Solus, but the offer stands for you too." Lith said. "If you need a recharge or miss Ripha, don't hesitate to call me."
"I won't." She sighed. "I really wish there was a way to leave Mom here. I'm going to miss all of you."
Solus hated to see her mother disappear again. She knew that Menadion would be safe inside Lith's Void Sigil, but the last time they had parted ways, Solus had lost her mother for 700 years and was afraid it would happen again.
"I'll miss you too, baby." Ripha hugged her daughter tight. "I'll be back as soon as I can."
"Don't jinx it, Mom." Solus replied, hugging Menadion back. "At least there is so much to do here that I won't feel lonely without the kids."
"Masa!" Elysia flew out of the stroller and charged into Solus' arms. "Dada maa sii."
"I love you too, baby girl." Solus replied, hoping to have gotten it right
"Don't look at me." Lith shrugged. "Without Dragon Scales that's gibberish to me too."
"Don't be sad." Valeron the Second translated for them. "I love you."
"Thanks, sweetie." Solus caressed his head and kissed his cheeks. "That's a lot for just three words."
"I love you." The baby boy repeated while pointing at himself.
"Oh, gods, I'm so sorry." Solus took him in her arms and peppered his little face with kisses, making him giggle. "I love you too, little one. I'm going to miss you the most."
She tried to put him back in the stroller but Valeron clung to her chest, even turning his hands into claws for a better grip on her clothes.
"How many times do I have to tell you rascals I don't have milk?" Solus turned to a deep shade of purple. "I-"
Only then did she notice the baby boy looked sad, and his eyes were veiled with tears.
"I'm not going anywhere, silly." She held him gently, seeing her fear of abandonment mirrored in Valeron's expression. "You'll be back in a few hours, and tonight you can sleep in the big bed with me if you want."
"Promise?"
"Promise." Solus offered her pinkie, but Valeron needed his full hand to grab it.
"Gods, I feel like a monster." Kamila sniffled. "Maybe we should stay."
"Nonsense." Elina too sniffled, holding back an insistent tear. "You've been holed up here for too long acting as my baby sitter. You guys deserve a break, or you'll drive me insane."
"Thanks, Mom." Lith recalled his Demons inside the Void Sigils and gently pushed Kamila through the Warp Gate. "See you tonight."
"See you!" Tista waited for the dimensional tunnel to close and Elina to walk away before adding, "Solus, we need to talk."
"You know that sounds ominous even though we are not in a relationship, right?"
"I'm sorry, I'm just tense." Tista sighed. "I need your help."
"Is there something wrong with you and Bodya?" Solus asked.
"Yes, I mean, no. I mean… Gods, if this is embarrassing!" A snap of Tista's fingers brought the two women into her room.
Tista hoped that the familiar space and the privacy ensured by the arrays would give her the courage she needed, but she was wrong.
"I've lost my memories, and even if I didn't, I'm pretty sure I never dated a lesser Leviathan." Solus felt more awkward by the second. "Whatever problem you two have in the bedroom, I don't think I can help you. Maybe if you ask Grandma-"
"What? No? Why do you think we have problems in the bedroom?" Tista blushed up to her ears.
"Well, you've just become a Hekate, took the next step in your relationship, and are making a big deal out of whatever this is." Solus shrugged. "Also, you said it's a very embarrassing matter. What am I supposed to think?"