"Gods, I hate it when you're always right." Tista whined, slumping on her bed while hiding her face behind her hands.
"I knew it!" Solus said. "Is it because his real body is that of a huge snake? Is the other snake too big? Does it look weir-"
"It's not that!" Tista was so embarrassed that her whole body turned red due to the flames burning within. "I meant that you were right when you pointed out how poorly I've worded it. I just need a job. We both do."
"We? Who's we?" Solus asked in confusion. "I do have a job."
"Bodya and I. Who else?" Tista snarled. "Give me a second. I need to calm down or I'll die of embarrassment."
She needed many long, slow breaths to regain her cool. When she resumed to talk, only her face and fingers were still red.
"Let me start this over." Tista inhaled deeply. "Solus, I need your help to find a job for Bodya and me. It doesn't need to be the same job."
"Wait, I'm not following you. What's the matter? Why do you guys suddenly need money?" Solus asked in confusion.
"Because, except for the time I worked as a mercenary after graduating from the White Griffon, I never earned much." Tista replied. "I was too busy practicing my powers as an Awakened first and as a hybrid later to worry about saving money.
"Especially with Lith earning so well and having tower. As for Bodya, he never needed to work because he was the emissary for his family on Garlen. He had an entire bloodline backing him and all the funds he needed.
"Now, however, we would like to live on our own, but we have no resources. I'm Lith's older sister. You have no idea how embarrassing it is at my age to still need his money for everything.
"Bodya, instead, has gone from riches to rags right after his family disowned him. If not for our hospitality, he would live in the wilds and hunt for his meals. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing shameful in that.
"Just that it's humiliating for him to rely on my money whenever we go on a date, and in turn it's humiliating for me to depend on Lith's money. On top of that, what if someday I want to start a family?
"We are not the Ernas. Mom and Dad don't have a country home to gift me and a noble title to pin on me to finance my lifestyle."
"I see your point." Solus nodded. "I'll use my connections and see what I can find. In the meantime, you can work as a Healer at the White Griffon."
"I'm already doing that." Tista sighed. "Marth is helping me as he can, but my name complicates things a lot."
"What do you mean?" Solus asked.
"That if not for Lith, I could easily find rich clients and get some minor title by earning merits with the Association." Tista replied. "Yet everyone knows I'm his sister, and you have no idea how many times I've been called by people who had no need for a Healer.
"People who requested my services just to get my contact rune. They think that if they pay me well enough, I'll introduce them to Lith or that by involving me in a mission, he will follow.
"Bodya has the same problem in the Awakened community. The only difference is that they use him to get to me."
"Good gods, Tista. I'm so sorry." Solus held her friend's hands. "Why didn't you tell us? I never heard anything about this."
"And what could you do?" Tista shrugged. "Besides, this is my problem. I wanted to solve it on my own like an adult, not rely on Lith like a little girl. I'm coming to you because I'm out of options."
'She's in the same situation as my mom's old apprentices.' Solus thought. 'The solution for them was to cut ties with my mother and make a name for themselves, but Tista can't do that.
'Not with Meln's threat hanging over our head. Tista would just make herself an easy target.'
"Don't worry." She actually said. "There must be a solution, and we'll find it together."
***
Kamila and Lith stepped inside the Warp Gate of the Mansion and emerged into the army branch of Belius, in the Kellar region.
The lack of Lith's Supreme Magus robe and the presence of two children in the stroller instead of one almost kept the desk sergeant from recognizing the couple.
Almost.
The Kellar region was one of the few places in the Kingdom where Lith had a stellar reputation that had barely been dulled, even during the time the late General Morn had charged him with high treason and forced Lith to escape to the Blood Desert.
During his tour as a Ranger, Lith had destroyed the Black Star, one of the lost cities that plagued the Kellar region and drained vast territories of life. The feat had earned him the title of Great Mage and brought him to fame.
A fame that had grown at every step of his career as he dealt with Forbidden Magic rituals, magical plagues, and destroyed a second lost city, Kogaluga. Yet what really had etched his mark in the hearts of the people of Kellar was how Lith had put his life on the line to defend Belius during the War of the Griffons.
The people of the north were wary of strangers, but after everything Lith had done for them, they considered him an adoptive son of the Kellar region in general and Belius in particular.
Very few people in the city didn't know his face or keep a plaque with his name engraved in their houses.
"Ranger Verhen!" The desk sergeant, a middle-aged balding man, referred to Lith with his military title like most people in the Kellar region did, and snapped to attention. "You should have announced your arrival.
"We would have prepared you a proper reception."
"Thanks, Sergeant Falas, but I'd like to keep my anonymity as long as I can." Lith inwardly thanked his keen Tiamat sight, which allowed him to read the small name tag on the man's breast from a distance.
"I see." The man brimmed with joy, believing that somehow Lith knew him and remembered his name. "It won't last long, though. You, Lady Verhen, and the young Lady Verhen are well-known and hard to miss."
Falas pointed at Elysia's six colored streaks that stuck out even from under the loose hoodie of her onesie.
"It's fine. Just don't shout my name or tell everyone you know I'm here for at least fifteen minutes." Lith sighed. "Give me a head start."
"I'll try." The desk sergeant chuckled. "And who is this handsome fellow?"
Falas offered Valeron his hand and remained shocked when the little boy shook it.
"Valeron. Nice to meet you." The shock turned to disbelief when Valeron also introduced himself.
"He is my son. Valeron the Second Verhen." Lith replied.
'Son?' Falas was utterly confused. 'Elysia is his firstborn, and there was no news of a second pregnancy. On top of that, the boy is clearly bigger and older than Elysia.'