"I think I shocked him so much he forgot about the babies." Kamila blushed in embarrassment. "He didn't give me the time to order for them."
"Because I've arranged for that as well." Lith sat back while studying Elysia's expression as she pretended to understand the menu and its purpose. "I wanted this evening to be special."
"I noticed." She giggled, taking his hand.
The kids extended their short arms to join the couple and failed.
"It's not a group thing, sweetie." Kamia chuckled. "It's a romantic gesture."
Valeron and Elysia exchanged a puzzled look before giving up with a shrug.
While the parents ate the appetizers, the waiter brought small servings of the restaurant's specialties turned into baby food. Lith had kept the ingredients to a minimum, turned them into a soft cream, and had them served lukewarm.
'With a Dragon's digestive system, they can probably eat solid food already, but better safe than sorry.' Lith thought.
The kids enjoyed both the taste and the variety, to the point that they snatched the spoons from their parents' hands and started to eat on their own with Spirit Magic under the flabbergasted look of the rest of the patrons.
The Magus Special didn't receive the welcome Lith hoped, though.
"Did a cat puke on my noodles?" Kamila stared in horror at the green paste covering her food.
"It's not puke, it's pesto." Lith grunted. "And those aren't noodles but linguine."
It was the most ambiguous-looking food Kamila had ever seen, and she had no trouble saying it out loud.
"It's the most ambiguous-looking food I've ever seen. Does it at least taste good?"
"What do you think?" Lith asked, taking a mouthful.
"As I said, it's been a hit." Xilo swallowed awkwardly at her reaction.
"Fine, I'll trust you." Kamila mixed the pasta with the green sauce before taking a tentative bite.
"Thanks for the vote of confidence." Lith caressed the kids' heads while they sniffled at the plates like hunting dogs. "At least you guys trust me."
"Sorry, sorry." Kamila munched, crossed his fingers, and prayed for the best. "Gods, it's delicious!"
With her prayer answered, her stomach seemed to forget about the food she had just eaten and increased her appetite.
"You are a lucky woman, Lady Magus." Xilo said, and all the women in the room sighed, even those with a date. "Not many men would travel to Verendi just to offer their wife an exotic meal."
Then, he gave them a bow and went to notify the rest of the clients that the Magus Special was sold out.
'Verendi?' Kamila asked via a mind link for privacy and to avoid interrupting her meal. 'Didn't you say the food there sucks?'
'It does.' Lith inwardly nodded. 'This is another Earth dish, but I had no other way to explain it to the cook.'
'An Earth dish?' Kamila took a look at the ingredients list and noticed it was not something she could reproduce. 'Where did you find all this stuff?'
'Mogar's Garden.' Lith replied with a grin. 'Everything grows there, and with a bit of luck and the help of the Eyes of Menadion, I found Mogar plants that taste more or less the same as those from Earth. Fair warning, they look nothing alike.'
'As long as they taste good, I don't care.' Kamila chuckled. 'Your mother is right. You cheat in everything you do.'
'Guilty as charged.'
'But Xilo is also right. I'm a lucky woman.' Kamila said, feeling her heart skipping a beat.
***
After dinner, performance anxiety and plenty of food knocked the children out cold.
"Don't worry about these adorable rascals." Elina said while putting them to bed. "Solus and I will take good care of them until you pick them up tomorrow. Have fun."
"Thanks, Mom." Lith said.
"Thanks, Elina." Kamila gave the sleeping kids a final kiss before walking toward the Mansion's Gate. "Why didn't you give Valeron the Camellia branch?"
"I didn't want to spoil his day." Lith shrugged. "I wanted him to have fun with us. The Camellia branch can wait."
"Excellent thinking." She nodded as they crossed the Transporter leading back to the apartment. "Did you bring your Magus Robe?"
"Always. People never recognize me without it, and it works like a charm to avoid trouble. Why?" He asked.
"You'll see." She gave him an impish smile and disappeared behind the bathroom door.
'Don't do it. Don't joke about how much she ate and bowel movements.' Lith bit his lower lip, afraid to ruin the mood for whatever Kamila's surprise was.
"Did you put your Magus Robe on?" She asked.
"Yes." Lith lied through his teeth while the Voidwalker armor shapeshifted into a white mage robe, shirt, and pants, all embroidered with gold.
"Then sit at the table, please." Kamila was still inside the bathroom, and the situation made less sense to Lith the longer the wait went on.
'I don't get it.' He followed her instruction and arranged a few books on the dining table, trying to guess the mood of the incoming role play. 'This is not the right set-up for "Detention with the Headmaster", and we've done "The Magus' apprentice" a lot of times.
'What's all the secrecy about?''
"Close your eyes." Kamila said from behind the bathroom door, and Lith complied again. "All of them. Don't be smart with me!"
"Dammit, woman, you know me well." Lith sighed, shutting the extra eyes closed as well.
A moment later, he heard the bathroom door open and a hissing sound he couldn't identify.
"Now open them." Her voice came from real close, yet he wasn't ready for her follow-up.
A huge magic circle conjured by Light Mastery lay in the middle of the table, its runes a jumbled mess. The hissing sound turned out to be the byproduct of some device that Kamila had used to fill the room with a thick but harmless white smoke.
In the middle of the circle, Kamila lay on her side, her head resting on her left hand and her legs crossed in a seductive pose.
Two curved horns came out of the side of her head, and a short tail ending in an arrowhead from the small of her back. A small, cute set of membranous wings barely reaching her hips wrapped around her shoulders.
Kamila's long black hair formed a thin curtain over her chest that left very little to the imagination. Her arms were covered in scales up to the elbow, and so were her legs up to the knee, forming makeshift gloves and boots ending in small claws.
More scales covered solely the most sensitive parts of her bosom and pelvis, forming an unlikely and very scant underwear that would have never held in place if not for being part of her body.
The only actual piece of clothing she wore was a tight leather collar around her neck.
"For what sordid, twisted scheme have you summoned a succubus, Magus Verhen?" Kamila asked in a sultry voice, licking her ruby lips and revealing the needle-like fangs into which she had shapeshifted her canines to play her part.
Lith opened his mouth, but no sound came out. His extra eyes opened wide on their own, taking in the rounded, shadowy glories of the creature that had literally appeared in front of him.