"Do you like it?" Kamila asked, knowing her question was rhetorical.
She recognized Lith's perverted expression, she could feel his eyes running all over her body, and thanks to her Tiamat senses, she could smell the arousal in his sweat.
"Very." Lith's voice came out several octaves lower. "Where did you get the idea?"
"From your stories about playing Dungeon & Looting." She giggled. "You said that succubae were hot and the dream of most players, but the idea of flirting with your Looting Master made you want to puke.
"Also, I regretted not using my shapeshifting abilities like this during my previous pregnancy."
"Me too." Lith cleared his throat to no audible change. "What's that for?" He pointed at her neck.
"This? It's the slave collar." Kamila said in a low voice, sending the tip of her tail to caress his cheek. "It forces me to obey your every wish, no matter how lewd and kinky."
"Every wish?" Lith forced himself under control despite the rising headaches he was getting. Plural.
"Every. Single. One." She sat up straight, wrapping her legs around his head and placing it between her thighs.
The blood pressure in Lith's brain dropped like a paralytic falcon, but not because of the paltry strength of her hold.
"I'm sorry, Kami." Lith had to close his eyes not to talk to her curves. "Your idea is simply amazing, and your… outfit is just too sexy. So much that I'm too excited to come up with a single line for our role play. My mind is blank."
"Your wish is my command, Magus Verhen." She released his grip just to slide down over his chest and sit on his lap. "Let's relieve you of your excitement first, and then we can talk."
***
After a long session of healthy venting his stress, Lith and Kamila played several scenarios that were as naughty as they were ludicrous. The unlikeliness of the script didn't deter them from having fun and they greatly enjoyed their time together.
Sunrise caught them in the shower and, at that point, there wasn't enough time to sleep anymore.
Once they were done with theatrics, they had to take another shower, this time alone, or risk doing more dirty than clean.
Kamila went in first and Lith second.
When he came out of the bathroom, he caught her staring at her reflection in the mirror, her eyes focused on the swelling of her stomach.
'I know it's a natural occurrence, but I still don't like it. Just like I don't like that my breasts have gotten so big that I can't even see my toes without a mirror when I look down.' She sighed.
"What do you think?" She actually asked. "Can you already tell I'm pregnant, or does it look like I just gained some weight?"
"The latter." Lith sat on the bed without taking his eyes off her, sighing as well. "Don't worry, I love it."
"The extra weight?" She asked in surprise.
"No, the fact that you can't even see your toes without a mirror when you look down." Lith's starry-eyed, dreamy look irked her to no end. "Pregnancy looks great on the twins. They are glowing."
"Can you please stop staring and talking to my breasts?" Kamila tapped her foot in annoyance.
"Depends. Do you promise not to throw a fit if I stop staring and talking to your breasts for good?" Lith used two eyes to meet her gaze, and the others to keep enjoying the scenery.
Kamila pondered the question thoroughly.
She knew she wasn't the most beautiful woman Lith knew, nor the smartest, and certainly not the most powerful. She also knew he was surrounded by stunning Awakened of all races who would have given an arm and a leg to get their hands on the power of the Tiamat bloodline.
Yet last night had proven to her once again that she was the only woman in his eyes, and his current behavior after such a long amorous session confirmed this further.
"I take it back." She replied, sitting on his lap. "Stare and talk all you like. Just try to be more romantic sometimes, okay?"
"I was giving you a compliment." Lith shrugged.
"I know, but when I ask you a question about my pregnancy, I'd like something more than a comment on how big my breasts are and how sweet my ass is." She sighed.
"I never mentioned your ass-"
"You take that back right now!" She cut him short in mock outrage.
"I mean, sure, your ass looks amazing." Lith raised his hands in surrender. "Round like a sunset over the horizon."
"What a poet." She gave him a sweet kiss. "Too bad you use your talents solely to describe my body parts. What about me?"
"Okay, fine." Lith nodded. "I was keeping this for a special event or for when we had our next argument, but if you insist, I'll use it now."
"When?" She echoed with a chuckle. "Not 'if' we had an argument?"
"Kami, we've been together long enough to know that we are bound to piss each other off from time to time. Every interaction or lack thereof can cause friction between us, but that's not the issue. It's how we react to the friction.
"We can either tackle the problem together to solve it or use it to justify going at each other's throats and make the problem worse." Lith replied.
"Okay, mister wise guy. You win." Kamila said. "Now use your killer pick up line and knock my socks off."
"I think I already did that." He pointed at her naked feet, making her giggle.
"You know what I mean, smartass."
"Okay." Lith wrapped his arms around her slender shoulders, and his wings popped out of his back, following suit. "Kami, Mogar may have chosen me as its Lord of Destruction, but I've chosen you to be the woman with whom I bring life into this world."
There was love and tenderness in his eyes as he stared at her.
"The extra weight, the cravings, the stretch marks, the mood swings, I love them all just like I love you. They are no ugly inconveniences. They are a testament to our shared life. To how our story is changing and growing without ever withering.
"Even if I had to carry around in my arms for the next six months, it wouldn't be enough to thank you for giving me a child. This little lovely bump is our little lovely baby, Kami. It's a miracle no magic can perform. Only you can, Kami."
Kamila's eyes became veiled with tears, and when she opened her mouth to talk, only crying came out. It was a cry of joy, but it still made Lith feel awkward and sort of guilty.
Kamila returned the embrace and held him tight until she managed to reel her emotions under control.
"That's what I was talking about." She sniffled. "It was perfect. Too perfect, even. I just wanted to feel appreciated, not to turn into a sorry mess. Less romanticism next time."
"There's just no pleasing you, woman." Lith kissed her forehead while she blew her nose. "First, I'm not romantic enough, and now I'm too romantic. Might as well not be romantic at all. You would still nag, but at least I'd save myself a lot of effort."