"Damn, I'm such an idiot. I could have saved myself so much stress." Selia really wanted to kick her own ass but the beauty of the Garden of Mogar quickly uplifted her mood. "I've changed my mind. We are raising wolves, I mean, Skolls."
"Sure thing." Protector chuckled. "Fetch!"
He tossed a jingling ball that Solkar rushed to catch and return.
"Okay, that's going overboard." She said.
"Why?" Protector asked. "Solkar loves playing and running around, but we always keep him locked in a crib. Here he can run all he wants, play with us, and get so tired he will be quiet for the rest of the day."
"I'm sold, but please, treat him like a baby." Selia nodded.
"Because human babies hate balls, small shiny objects, and dashing around like crazy for no reason?" He said, furrowing his brow.
"Point taken." She raised her hands in surrender. "I mean, something like this. Pick a flower for mommy, Solkar. Pretty please?"
Solkar barked enthusiastically and rushed to the nearest flower patches, sniffing them carefully. He returned with a mouthful of the sweetest-smelling flowers he could find.
"A whole bouquet? Thank you." Selia kissed and caressed his head, making him waggle his tail.
***
Meanwhile, Lith and Kamila walked hand in hand while looking for a secluded but romantic spot for their picnic. Valeron was with them, finally free to assume his Bahamut form and fly in circles over their heads.
"Why there's no one here but us?" Kamila asked. "This place is a magical wonder and the richest place in world energy I've ever seen. Don't natural treasures grow here as well as plants?"
"They do, or rather they did." Lith smirked. "The bounty for Maergron's head was everything we could find. Solus and I took our share and split the rest with the members of the Hand of Fate.
"There are still magical plants and ingredients growing around, but they are nowhere near their ripening. It will take them decades to mature. That plus the fact that there's no way to tap into the Garden's power safely without the Ears makes this place useless to Awakened."
"I see." She nodded. "Wait, aren't those-"
"The reason I brought you here, yes." He said. "These flowers are the closest thing to plum blossoms I could find. They are considered very romantic on Earth."
"Gods, I can see why."
"Really?" Lith asked in disbelief. "Because I never could. They are just flowers."
"A miser of wallet and heart." Kamila clicked her tongue and spread a cloth under the biggest tree. "Come down, Valeron."
The boy landed in her arms with the grace of a sack of potatoes, chirping with joy as she rubbed her cheek against his muzzle.
"I have something to ask you, son." Valeron turned around to follow Lith's voice and found a surprise waiting for him.
A small vase was at the center of the cloth, holding the Camellia and its two small branches ending in one flower bud each. Lith held a third branch between his fingers and offered it to Valeron.
"The two buds you see are for Elysia and Raldarak." Lith said. "This is yours."
He caught the sad expression that replaced the boy's smile and put the piece of enchanted metal in his small hand, using a mind link and the Dragon Scales to ensure Valeron would understand.
"I didn't add it to the Camellia not because I don't love you, Val, but because I know we are not your real parents. They are just away and would do anything to be here with you." Lith had to choose his words carefully lest he arouse feelings that would expose the truth.
"I know you miss your mom and dad. I know you love them and they you. I didn't want to impose my feelings on you." Lith said and Valeron nodded. "You can attach your branch, return it, or keep it until you make your mind.
"There is no rush, and no matter your choice, my feelings for you won't change."
"Mine either." Kamila extended her scaled hands, wrapping them around Lith's and Valeron's. "I know you already have a mother, but I love being your mom."
Valeron started to cry, the only way he knew to express his messy feelings and the tightness he felt in his heart. He missed Thrud and Jormun dearly, but he had also come to love Lith and Kamila no less.
The cheap, badly hammered, green-painted piece of metal was as light as a needle but carried the weight of betrayal. No matter what Valeron did, he felt like he would be unfair to someone.
"Don't cry, little one." Lith let Kamila embrace Valeron so he could embrace them both. "You don't have to choose now. I'm not pressuring you. I just want you to know I love you, and I would have given you a branch on the Camellia if I weren't afraid it would be a thorn in your heart."
Valeron nodded, thankful for the privacy he was given for his choice. Thankful for the privacy he was given for his shame. He loved Elysia but not having her around at that moment was a sweet relief.
The Dragon blood they shared and the countless hours they had played together made her the little sister he had never had. A little sister whom he would have been terrified to disappoint with his choice.
Valeron put the branch in the breast pocket of his onesie, his mind still hurt and confused. Above all, he was grateful. Grateful that when he put it away, his adoptive parents were true to their promise.
The Dragon Scales confirmed they loved him no less than the minute before.
***
"This is incredible." Menadion muttered, having a hard time deciding on what to fixate her gaze upon despite having seven eyes. "I've read a lot about Mogar's Gardens, but I'd never thought one day I'd actually visit one."
"You've never been to a Garden?" Solus asked in surprise while Elysia glided from tree to tree, sniffing flowers and licking leaves and fruits.
"No, and neither did Lochra." The First Ruler of the Flames sighed.
"What about the time Lith and I chased Maergron here? Weren't you with us?" Solus said.
"Yes, but as a wandering soul, I couldn't touch, smell, or interact with anything." Ripha shrugged. "It was no different from looking at a picture in an illustrated book. Now, instead, I can appreciate the majesty of this place and its uncanny power."
"What about Malyshka? I find it hard to believe she never found a Garden of Mogar during her millennia of travel." Solus asked.
"Yaga probably knows the location of more than one Garden, but she didn't bother sharing any information about them with me, just like that ungrateful prick of Pharek." Menadion snarled.
"If he weren't dead already, I'd kick him all the way to the tower, give him a tour of the new floors while I slap the life out of him, and then kick his corpse back to his house."
"Mom, language!" Solus pointed at the baby. "I mean, I admire how you used words that didn't trigger the Guardians' auto-correct, but still. On top of that, how can you be certain that Pharek didn't find the Garden after you and I… You know."