"If I say her name is Kamila, then it's Kamila." The stranger swatted the arm away like a fly. "If you are in a rush, then you'd better scram because my patience is running thin."
"Well, then. That just means Kamila is coming with us." Horvath shrugged to hide the motion of his shoulder preluding to a vicious hook to the arrogant fool's jaw.
Frynn gasped in horror as the fist reached its target unimpeded. The brute put his entire weight in the blow, making something click, then crunch, and finally snap in a hundred pieces.
"You shouldn't have said that." The stranger didn't move an inch, whereas Horvath fell to his knees, screaming in pain while holding the bleeding ruins of his right hand.
Every bone from fingertips to the wrist seemed to be shattered. The broken fragments protruded from the skin and were drenched in the blood dripping from the wounds they had opened in their way out.
"You shouldn't have threatened my wife." The mean-looking stranger replied with a slap so fast that no one saw it coming.
A slap that sounded to the men of the Mazark cartel like the familiar noise of a blunt instrument hitting soft tissue. A slap that dislocated Horvath's jaw, cracked his right cheekbone, and sent him crashing against the ground in a shower of blood and teeth.
"Wait, this is a misunderstanding." The biggest guy in the group heard people yelling and screaming for the guards. "We must have gotten the wrong person. We don't want trouble, and if you knew us, you wouldn't want that either."
"You are right." The stranger nodded. "I don't know you. Let's make proper introductions."
A right straight greeted the biggest guy's face. A left kick connected to a deep level with the second biggest guy's groin until half the foot disappeared in what Frynn could only hope were loose pants.
An open palm welcomed a small guy's knife, grabbing the hand wielding the short blade and squeezing it until it was impossible to determine where the knife ended and the hand began.
A quick handshake intercepted a wooden stick and broke it in the face of its owner.
In less than three seconds, four of the five guys folded like lawn chairs. Broken, whining, lawn chairs crying in pain and calling for their mothers.
"And you must be the leader of this little operation." The terrifying stranger turned toward the only thug left standing.
Even in her daze, Frynn could tell that the last guy was too short and well-dressed to be hired muscle.
"Stop right there if you know what's best for you!" The short man tried to step back, but tripped on his own feet and fell butt-first on the ground.
He crawled back, scrambling on his hands and feet to get away.
"You have no idea who you are messing with!"
"Me?" The stranger bellowed a mirthless laugh that seemed to mock every decision the short man had taken and which had led him to that point. "I'm the one who doesn't know who he's messing with? That's a good one!"
The stranger's plain white shirt and black pants turned into living quicksilver that rearranged itself into a white robe, pants, and shirt all embroidered in gold.
"And before you say that anyone can wear a white robe…" The stranger took the words out of the short man's mind as two curved horns emerged from the sides of his head.
Five extra eyes, each with a vertical slitted pupil and an iris of a different color, opened on his face, and two sets of wings popped out of his back.
Frynn finally knew why the stranger looked so familiar, and so did everyone else.
"Please." The short man sobbed, hiding his face against the ground. "We didn't know. We didn't mean."
"I don't care what you knew or meant. I only care about what you did." Lith had a hard time not killing them all on the spot, but he didn't want to scare the small children in the crowd. "And you threatened my wife."
"She's not your wife." The man whimpered.
"But you didn't know that. Your words." Lith snarled. "Make no mistake. I never leave loose ends. The only reason you're still in good health is that I need you to deliver a message.
"Tell your boss I'm coming for him and that when I bury him right next to these guys, it's you he has to thank. Are we clear?"
"Crystal." The man sobbed, thanking the gods for the hours they had gifted him to plan his escape.
"But since I'm not a trusting man, I'm giving you a partner. Ragnarök." The angry blade emerged in a burst of emerald flames, searching for Lith's hand like a dog looking for cuddles.
"Yes?" The seal and lashes clicked into a word that nothing had of human.
"Follow him until he delivers the message. You can play with him as long as you like until he does." Lith said.
"No!" The short man yelled.
"Yes!" Ragnarök rejoiced.
"Once he delivers the message, you are to grant him a painless death." Lith said with a stern voice.
"No!" The angry blade whimpered like a puppy begging for its favorite toy.
"After that, however, you can play with his boss, his associates, and everyone else to your heart's content. You can do whatever you want as long as you don't hurt innocents." Lith emphasized the last point.
"Yes. Yes!" Ragnarök's sheath gurgled with blood as the seals came undone.
"Now go." Lith dismissed both the man and the blade with a wave of his hand.
What until a moment ago was a scabbard turned into a thick liquid that seeped inside the short man's body, setting his every nerve ending ablaze.
Ragnarök shrank its size to hide under the back of his jacket. Before taking position, however, it floated so as to put the two white crystals that formed its eyes in front of the man's face.
"Tag. You're it."
***
After the short man ran for his life from the busy street, Lith reabsorbed his bestial features and shapeshifted his clothes back into their civilian form.
Frynn stared at him in shock and awe, her arms still gripping his like a vise.
It took her several seconds and the growing murmurs of the crowd to snap out of her daze.
"I can't believe it." She murmured.
"Me neither." Lith shrugged. "No one ever recognizes me once I take off the robe. I guess that story about a pair of glasses and a curl of hair being the perfect disguise for a superhuman was true after all."
"What are you talking about?" Frynn asked in confusion. "I meant that I can't believe you really are Supreme Magus Verhen."
"That's me." Lith was glad to gloss over the ancient nerd-argument. "Also, I'm really married, so I have to ask you to let go of me. People might misunderstand our knight-damsel in distress relationship."
"What people?" Only then did her shock lift enough to widen her field of vision, allowing her to notice the sea of bystanders surrounding and staring at them.
From their point of view, there was a pretty young woman stuck like glue to the Supreme Magus, and he had called her his wife.