"The Eyes can't help the Fire Dragons understand how the Ears work, only show to whoever wears the Eyes the physical manifestation of the changes in the mana flow perceived by the Ears." Menadion said.
"The best the Eyes can do is evaluate the result of a Forgemastering spell, showing the mage in real-time how their manipulation of the mana flow affects the final product."
"Which is disappointing." Kalla pondered. "Even with my limited Forgemastering skills, I know it's not much different from what anyone can do once the enchanting process is completed."
"There is a difference," Menadion said. "The Eyes will highlight any defect and explain to the Forgemaster how and why the enchantment is good or bad. It is not as easy as it sounds, and without the Eyes, a mage has to check their results many times to be sure they haven't missed anything.
"The Eyes will save the Fire Dragons a lot of time, but understanding how to improve each one of their spells and crafted pieces will still be up to them."
"In other words, once they realize only I get the full benefits of our bargain, they will likely rescind our alliance." The Wight groaned.
"Mom, I can't help but notice how certain you are the Ears will help Kalla." Solus said. "Did you research Lichhood yourself?"
"Yes, dear." Menadion's answer made Solus flinch. "But not for the reason you might think. I did it as part of my work with Yaga, to find a way to give the tower the ability to sustain your life force and mana core in case something bad happened.
"I never had any interest in becoming an undead, but I used the results of my studies about Lichhood to make the Infirmary and… other things." She never said the word "Bleed" but Solus could hear it anyway.
"Without it, I would have never succeeded in bonding you with the tower after Bytra mortally wounded you. I was lucky to have all the data I needed already. We were lucky, Solus."
"I see." Solus swallowed hard. "Then, couldn't the Ears help Faluel reach Dragonhood or Quylla to fix Ryla's fallen life force?"
"You are overestimating me, sweetie. If I could do that, I would have helped Fyrwal back in the day." Ripha gave her daughter a warm smile, patting her head. "The Ears can't do anything more than any breathing technique can.
"If you switch enchanted metal with life force and Forgemastering with Healing, you just get Body Sculpting. Any decent Healer can see the changes in the life force the moment they induce them.
"Great Healers can actually hear the melody a life force produces and predict the outcome of their spells before the Body Sculpting is over, changing their approach or stopping altogether before the damage they inadvertently cause becomes irreparable.
"How do you think I got my inspiration for creating the Ears? I just imitated what genius Healers can do so that a Forgemaster could do the exact same thing."
"Are you a genius Healer, Ripha?" Lith furrowed his brow.
"No, but Yaga is." Menadion shrugged. "She used a mind link to share her perceptions with me, and with a lot of training, and I mean really a lot, I became capable of listening to the melody of life forces without her help.
"It was a grueling process, but I would have never succeeded in crafting the Ears without reaching a deep understanding of the phenomenon. You have no idea the lengths a Forgemaster is willing to go just for one artifact, Lith."
"I actually do." He replied. "Your entire life is a lesson about hard work, determination, and discipline, Ripha. And I'm reminded of it every time I speak with Solus. She's alive only because of you, and I'll be forever in your debt."
"Don't mention it." Menadion said while Solus blushed a little.
"Yes, yes, this is so cute and heartwarming, but what about me?" Kalla asked. "If the Fire Dragons back out, I will barely get a taste of the Ears before they take them away from me."
"You can use our Ears." Solus said.
"And move here?" Kalla snorted. "Abandon my lab? Be subjected to whatever you guys do in your free time, and bend my schedule to yours? I can't just use the Ears when you don't need them. More importantly, there are too many distractions here."
The Wight pointed at Elysia, who had landed on Kalla's head a few minutes ago and was now nibbling her ear. Solkar barked aggressively at the smelly newcomer, ordering her to take a bath.
"Research is a demanding mistress, and I can't stop every time Solus has to get away from a geyser or you need the Ears." Kalla sighed. "I know myself. I'd act rude and entitled. I might even come to believe this is my tower."
"Sadly, Mom is right." Nyka said. "Her memory is getting worse, which is the reason she has decided to take a vacation."
"No, you have decided I must take a vacation. There's a difference!" Kalla snorted.
"On top of that, Mom worked like a madbear on her crystal for years and is still nowhere near her goal." Nyka ignored the Wight and smiled from the heart as she handed one baby after another to her. "Her work needs time and quiet."
"Why do you say that with a smile? This sounds like sabotage." Kalla said, and she was right.
Nyka was afraid the Ears would speed up Kalla's research and turn her into a Lich. At that point, there would be no telling whether the Wight would finally spend some time with her family or disappear in a lab forever.
"What sounds like sabotage?" Nyka asked, feigning ignorance.
"I… don't remember." Kalla tried to focus, but the babies demanded her attention and her maternal instincts did the rest. "Gods, they are so cute. I didn't know you had so many children, Scourge. Isn't your wife jealous of your mistresses?"
"No, because I don't have any." Lith grunted. "Only Elysia and Valeron are mine. The rest are the children of my friends and relatives."
"If you say so, I believe you." Kalla winked, irking him to no end. "I guess I have to tell the Fire Dragons the truth and resign to using your Ears only when I'm on the verge of a real breakthrough.
"If I don't, when the Fire Dragons discover the Eyes' safeguards, they might figure out I knew about the Eyes' limits and that I fooled them into accepting an unfair deal. I can't risk making an enemy out of an entire bloodline of Divine Beasts."
"Not necessarily." Lith pondered. "As Ripha said, the Eyes are still going to help the Fire Dragons master the Ears, just not as much as they hope. Offer them something that makes up for the difference and they won't call off the deal."
"Something like what?" Kalla asked.
"Something like the Garden of Mogar." Lith replied. "The place is big and if we are careful, the Fire Dragons will never suspect we go there for their same reason."
"Are you sure about that?" Solus asked. "Do we really want to share a secret we have just uncovered? We'll lose our edge on the Fire Dragons."