On top of that, the only way to remove the imprint from an artifact was the death of its owner, and no one would wish their youths an early demise just to pass on a subpar armor.
Thanks to the size-adjusting and form-fitting enchantments, it was much better to craft an armor suitable for an adult Dragon from the start. The extra mass would work as additional protection, and as a young Wyrm grew older, they would never need new equipment.
Dragon bloodlines were as ancient as rich, which was a boon for its members, unless they found themselves in the shoes of Ishka's parents.
"One moment, please." Erghak's hologram disappeared for about a minute, but the call was never cut. "I've spoken to Rhana and Hoshtak. They also agreed on entrusting their son to you, but only on two conditions."
"Let's hear them." Lith nodded for the patriarch to continue.
"You have to promise never to destroy or toss away anything you make from Ishka's remains." The Fire Dragon said. "They know you can use Creation Magic and are not restricted by the limits of imprint.
"You are free to pass the equipment onto your children, siblings, nephews, and nieces once it no longer fits Tista or she finds a proper replacement, but it must remain in your family as an heirloom and be treated with respect."
"That goes without saying." Lith said. "What's the second condition?"
"They want you to come and pick the corpse up in person." Erghak's voice became somber again, resounding with a mix of fear and hope.
"I'll be there as soon as we finish the negotiation about the Eyes." Lith knew what the patriarch expected from him, what Ishka's parents wanted, and was willing to deliver it. "Is there something you need to add before closing the deal?"
Erghak pondered for a while before asking:
"Is the young Vampire with you as well?"
"Yes." Lith gestured for Nyka to step forward.
"Good. Then know this, young Nyka. I'm going to deal with you and only with you when the time to exchange the artifacts comes." The Fire Dragon patriarch sounded firm but polite. "I know how a Lich's mind works and how unreliable they are."
"I'm not a Lich!" Kalla protested. "I'm working on it, but I'm still a proud Emperor Beast!"
"You might as well be a Lich!" The Wyrm's harsh tone brooked no argument. "You disappear years on end, never answer your amulet, and when you do, you are curt and dismissive. That's Lich enough for me."
Kalla wanted to retort, but the fact that everyone, even Solus, kept nodding at the Fire Dragon's remarks made her falter. Maybe, just maybe, he was on to something.
"Magical research needs time and consistency, so your mother will use both artifacts for half a year and my clan for the other half." Erghak turned to Nyka again. "When the other party's turn to take possession of the Ears and Eyes comes, the exchange must be made on time.
"No exceptions, no 'just one more experiment' or 'five more minutes' allowed. Are we clear?"
"Yes." Nyka had a hard time repressing a laugh.
Not only was Erghak countering her mother's usual excuses before she could make them, but Kalla's horrified expression was simply hilarious.
"Since your mother had years to use the Eyes and we Fire Dragons have just acquired the Ears, we will take the first turn. We will continue like this until either party decides the agreement is no longer beneficial to them.
"In case the one rescinding the agreement has used the artifacts longer, they must allow the other party to use the Eyes and Ears until they're even. Do you have any conditions of your own?"
"Mom?" Nyka turned around, just to discover that Kalla had fallen asleep out of exhaustion and boredom.
A faint snoring was all the answer she got.
"Only one." Nyka sighed, inwardly thanking the Fire Dragon for showing no reaction to her mother's rudeness.
"I want you to swear on the honor of your clan that you won't try to steal the Eyes, hunt my mother down, or use the knowledge you acquire for the duration of our deal against her, me, or my brother Nok the Byk."
Nyka gave her brother's name and species so that Erghak couldn't claim ignorance or misunderstanding later.
"This oath must extend to every member of your clan who'll benefit from the Eyes. Let them know that if they break it, everyone will know Fire Dragons are ungrateful and treacherous.
"Of course, my mother, brother, and I are willing to take the same oath. I want an equal partnership, after all."
Erghak frowned at those words, his eyes narrowing in annoyance.
'She said "benefit", not "use". This little vampire knows how to word her contracts.' He thought. 'Making the oath mutual is laughable at best. A demented Wight, a Byk, and a single vampire are nothing compared to a Dragon bloodline.
'She's just sugar coating a bitter pill. I like her already.'
"As the patriarch of the Fire Dragons, I agree on your terms." The Wyrm said. "My word is binding, but so is yours. Give the Eyes to my little brother Lith, so that he might deliver them when he visits me. Anything else?"
"There is one thing." Solus raised her hand. "But it has nothing to do with my mother's set, my mother, or magic. I need a personal favor."
"And you are fine discussing it in the presence of these people?" Erghak asked, and Solus nodded. "Then state it and I'll do what I can."
"My friend Tista and her boyfriend Bodya need a way to make money. Possibly a job." She said. "Is there anything you can recommend them for?"
"A job?" The patriarch sounded as shocked as horrified. "Tista can do as any other Dragon. She can sell her Origin and Cursed Flames. She can plunder the treasures of her enemies. She can conquer a mana geyser and exploit the enchanted mines it fuels.
"How do you think Fire Dragons made their money? Do we look like entrepreneurs to you?"
"A job?" Lith echoed in horror and disbelief. "What's wrong with our house? Does she need to start a family? Did she start a family?"
Lith knew from experience how birth control spells could fail when applied to Divine Beasts. Elysia wasn't a planned child and that despite Kamila, a regular woman, being the intended target for the spell.
Tista and Bodya weren't humans, which meant there were double the chances of something going wrong.
"Did she?" Erghak jumped to his feet. "I can't give her a job, but a wedding present is-"
"Tista is not pregnant!" Solus yelled to put a stop to the barrage of questions. "She just doesn't want to rely on Lith's money anymore. She's an adult and wants to act as such."
"Oh." Erghak sounded sad.
"Oh." Lith sounded like someone had just taken Mogar's weight off his shoulders. "I need to sit down."
"About your suggestions, Erghak, I'll relay them to her." Solus said. "The problem is that Tista doesn't have much of a reputation, and people mostly contact her to get to Lith. She can't plunder or seize a geyser without suffering retaliation."