"I've lost count of how many times I got dirty while changing your diaper, baby." Elina shrugged. "Might as well carry it as a badge of honor if it looks the part and doesn't smell.
"On top of that, no one has ever seen whatever that is. Dragons might suspect, but they'll never know unless you tell them. Besides, how many mothers can pride themselves on a real precious gemstone made by their children?"
"She has a point." Rena mumbled. "At least I'd get something out of having triplets instead of just puke-smelling dresses and sleepless nights."
"We're sorry, Mom." Falco, Teryon, and Lenart said like one while Leria was one beat off.
Rena hadn't mentioned her oldest daughter, but Leria knew what she had put her mother through.
"Don't worry, kids." Rena patted their heads one at a time. "The only thing that matters is that you are healthy and happy."
"You too, Rena?" Kamila was flabbergasted.
"Why? Would you throw the content of Elysia's diaper away if it looked like a beautiful gemstone?" Rena asked.
"No." Kamila pondered the issue. "It would still be something my baby girl made, and look pretty. Maybe I'd have Lith enchant it to shine with inner light as long as Elysia is okay. It would reassure me when I'm away from her."
"Not you too, Kami!" Solus said. "It's still poop!"
"If it were your poop and not that of a cruel, stingy con-lizard, my memories would not be ruined." Menadion sighed heavily.
"Fine, you win." Solus crossed her arms, unconvinced. "Apparently, everything that comes out of a baby is special."
"Remember this is a secret, so don't mention it to anyone." Lith said. "Not even our friends."
"Rest assured, if I'm ever going to wear poop jewelry, I don't plan on letting anyone know." Rena chuckled.
"Anyone?" Aran asked. "Not even Uncle Protector or Auntie Kelia?"
"No one." Lith shook his head. "Not even with Ryla or Garrik, young man. The Fire Dragons trusted us with this secret, and we can't betray them."
"You're right, big brother." The mention of the Fire Dragons brought memories of Valtak back, making any thought of bending the rules disappear from Aran's mind.
The Elder Wyrm was gone but not forgotten, and the idea of disappointing him made Aran's stomach churn.
***
"I almost find it hard to believe there has been a time I felt lonely in this house." Kelia strolled through the park of the Verhen Mansion, accompanied by Baba Yaga in her Mother form.
"Things got messier since the Ernas moved here, but there's still plenty of space if you want some quiet." The Mother visited often to keep Kelia company and help her study. "Remember that you're always welcome in my tower and the Eclipsed Lands."
"Thanks, but this chaos actually suits us… me." Kelia pointed at Nalrond arguing with Friya about the wedding preparations, Morok gushing over Quylla's baby bump, and Orion doting on Dripha. "There's already too much silence in my head.
"I need the noise to remind myself that I'm not the one who's gone."
"I understand what you mean, child." Baba Yaga sighed. "I too miss Dusk greatly."
As they walked about the flower bushes, Kelia couldn't help but sigh often. She found herself envious of the many children of the home, even of Morok's unborn twins.
Their parents treated them like jewels, praising them even when they performed simple actions like kicking their mother from the womb. Yet what almost turned her envy into pain was the way Orion looked at Dripha.
Starry-eyed and with a smile that went from one ear to the other.
'No one has ever looked at me like that.' Kelia sighed for the umpteenth time. 'My Professors at the academy and Milea are nice to me, but only because they expect me to become a powerful mage. They care about me, but only as an investment, not a person.
'Even Dusk considered me a project. Something to build up from scratch to get himself his perfect host. He didn't pick me because he loved or cared about me, only because I possess a dormant Griffon-Phoenix bloodline.
'We've become friends, but he's always been more like a very annoying, bossy, and nagging older brother than a father.' Then, she tried to picture how they would have looked if Dusk had treated Kelia like Orion did with Dripha.
The image gave Kelia the creeps and sent a cold shiver down her spine.
'Thank the Gods that never happened.' She shuddered. 'Orion is adorable because he's doing that to his own baby daughter. If Dusk acted like that with me, I'd think he has a major crush on me.
'Having someone who can spy on you 24/7 and you can't reject and get away from is unsettling at best and terrifying at worst.' Kelia turned toward Baba Yaga, discovering the Mother was looking at her with a loving, maternal smile.
"Are you doing this because you care about me or because the crystal shard in my chest is the only thing you have left of your son?" Kelia asked before her brain could warn her about the rudeness of her words.
"The two things aren't mutually exclusive, child." Kelia's bluntness surprised the Mother, but her smile never faltered. "Dusk chose you. My son believed in you and cared so much about you that he gave his life to protect you.
"That alone would be more than enough for me to consider you part of the family. Yet I also care about you, child. I wasn't lying when I asked you to call me Grandma. You may not have come from my womb, but so did all my undead.
"Why should I be incapable of loving only you because of that?"
"Thanks, Yaga." Kelia nodded, managing to smile back. "But I must say that it feels weird calling grandma someone who looks this beautiful. The word always makes me think of a wrinkled old lady."
"I resent that, young lady. What am I, then? An old hag?" Elina grunted.
"I'm sorry, Elina. I didn't mean that." Kelia raised her hands in apology. "It's just that I've never seen a mother or a grandmother aside from those I imag-"
Elina ruffled Kelia's hair and kissed her head, cutting her short.
"I'm joking, dear." Elina answered the silent question in Kelia's dumbfounded eyes. "It's what a family does. You can't always be serious. You need to relax."
"No, the child is right, Elina. Let's give her what she wants." Baba Yaga shapeshifted into her Crone form. "Here you go. I'm the old lady of your dreams. Now give me your arm, you runt. My back is killing me, and I forgot my walking cane at home."
She sounded so dramatic that Elina and Kelia started laughing.
"How can you make fun of the elderly?" The Crone said while leaning on Kelia. "Youngsters these days. They have no respect."
"That's so true, Yaga." Elina chuckled.
"I was talking about you, Elina." Yaga grunted. "Let's go, Kelia."
They resumed their walk, with the Crone moaning and complaining from time to time about imaginary ailments.
"Do you think they know how lucky they are?" Kelia asked while staring at Solkar, Surin, Elysia, and Valeron playing together.