"What you have noticed as improvements in Ryla's appearance are the results of her Balor life force offering less resistance when the world energy coming from the mana geyser forces it to fold into a Fomor's." Kelia said.
"By my estimates, we've obtained the same results Glemos' Harmonizers would have induced three generations of Fomors from now." Quylla said.
"It's a good start." Tista nodded.
"No, it's a great start." Quylla flicked Tista's forehead, and she felt it. "We've lost a lot of time because we needed to test our theories carefully not to hurt Ryla. Now those theories have a practical application.
"We took a small step forward, but that was to find our footing. As we collect more data and ensure there are no short- or long-term side effects, we can afford to take longer strides. Give us enough time and we'll run."
The ensuing applause was more heartfelt and sincere than the previous.
"I have another question." Lith raised his hand, feeling back at the academy. "What do you mean when you say Ryla's golden lightning has no offensive value, Kelia? Fomors pack quite a punch, and their air elemental eye makes them even stronger."
"This is why Quylla needed my help." Kelia replied. "I'm the only one with a working knowledge of Life Maelstrom since there are no adult Griffons in your family.
"Life Maelstrom looks simple, but it can actually be used in three different ways. The most common method that even a Griffon cub knows is to infuse someone with pure Life Maelstrom. It boosts the life force and mana core in equal measure, making them ten times stronger."
Lith nodded for her to continue.
"The second technique, which we employed on Ryla, involves boosting someone's life force but not their mana core. It consumes less Life Maelstrom than the first method. It's used to help someone resist a breakthrough, to empower someone you don't trust much, or to preserve your strength.
"Griffons only store so much Life Maelstrom, and there's no point wasting it against a seemingly unworthy opponent. Boosting only the body either widens the physical gap with the enemy or ensures your temporary ally is still magically weaker than you.
"Lastly, the third technique has only one purpose: to kill. By enhancing solely your enemy's mana core, you create the same condition as a lethal breakthrough. The body can't contain the sudden surge of power of the core and falls apart.
"Mana fusion burns through your flesh instead of empowering it, and the more you stimulate your core, the greater the burden on your body. Your own spells suddenly require ten times the focus to control them, and if you fail, the mana they contain goes wild and is released inside your body before you can project it outside.
"This is what I meant with 'Life Maelstrom's pure offensive value' and, as I've already explained, a Fomor's golden lightning has none. It can only enhance both the mana core and body of its target, so using it on an enemy makes them stronger."
"I see." Lith pondered. "The third method turns Life Maelstrom into a powerful weapon that reaches its maximum potential against an enemy infused with all elements and with several spells at the ready."
"Correct." Kelia replied. "The more magical energy one has accumulated, the greater the destructive power of Life Maelstrom."
"And you've managed to explain all of that to Valeron?" Kamila was flabbergasted.
"He needed several explanations with a mind link, but he's a quick learner." Quylla tickled the baby, making him giggle.
"Well done, son. I'm proud of you." Lith took Valeron from Friya's arms, receiving a huge smile.
"Also, since I assume everyone here knows about it, never use Life Maelstrom against someone who can use Domination." Kelia said. "Once the silver lightning enters their mana core, they can Dominate it to boost their body as well, and there's nothing you can do to stop them."
"Really?" Quylla asked when she noticed she was the only one with no idea what Kelia was talking about. "Everyone but me knows what Domination is?"
"I've gotten seven streaks and I'm the Harbinger of a Hydra, sis." Friya said.
"Seven eyes team, here." Lith and Tista shrugged.
"Sorry, babe. It's a family secret and would do you no good. You only have one streak." Morok replied.
"Is that a secret?" Ryla and Garrik asked in surprise.
"Me too." Valeron raised his hand. "I don't know."
"You're a baby, dear." Quylla caressed his soft hair. "Babies don't fight. Okay?"
"Okay." He nodded, drawing coos and lots of kisses.
"For the record, I'm angry with you all. Except for Valeron and Friya." Quylla said. "She's under oath and can't betray Faluel."
"Sorry. I thought she knew." Kelia scratched her head in embarrassment.
"Don't be. You did nothing wrong." The Crone said. "Kelia is right, child. Knowing about Domination makes no difference for someone without at least three streaks."
"Three?" Quylla was flabbergasted.
"Three." Baba Yaga nodded while taking a look at Ryla's life force. "Still, congratulations, child. Impressive work. Many people had the same pieces of the puzzle, but you managed to put them together. Those silly Hydras could learn a thing or two from you."
***
Baba Yaga's words turned out to be prophetic.
Less than a day had passed since Quylla unveiled her success when Lith was suddenly invited to Faluel's lair. He had little doubt about the nature of the summons since it was addressed to him and the little Valeron the Second.
He still brought Solus and Elysia with him, just to be safe.
"Lith, how nice to see you! Thank you for coming." Faluel gave him a warm smile. "Look how handsome our little Bahamut has become. One day you're going to be a lady killer, Valeron."
"Yeah, right. Give me a minute, children." Lith Hushed the babies' ears. "Cut the carp, Faluel. Why have you called me here, and what the farm is Ajatar doing here? Also, why can't I swear?"
"I'm not taking any risk." Salaark's voice echoed in the cave. "For all I know, Valeron can read lips."
"The sad part is that you might be right, Grandma." Lith sighed. "Now answer my questions, Faluel."
"Why so rude?" The Hydra did her best to look offended. "Is it so strange that I want to see my favorite apprentice and my little uncle?"
"I had no idea you kept a leaderboard, but yes, it's very strange. We've met plenty of times since I've adopted Valeron, and you've never demonstrated the slightest interest in having a relationship with him." Lith dispelled the Hush.
"Do you know this lady, Val?"
"No." The boy squinted his eyes, focusing really hard but finding no memory of the Hydra.
"What about the gentleman with the glasses?" Lith pointed at Ajatar.
"He smells funny." The boy giggled, making the Drake blush.
"I'll take that as a no. Give me one more minute, please." Lith Hushed the babies again and then glared at the two Lesser Dragons. "The truth, or we walk."
"Fine." Faluel raised her hands in surrender. "Friya spilled the beans. She told me about Quylla's success in using Life Maelstrom to fix Ryla's lifeforce-"
"And you decided to play with the feelings of a baby boy to get yourself a slice of the cake." Lith cut her short.