"Otherwise they'll shapeshift when they get scared, and nobody must see them shapeshift. Too many people… afraid of Divine Beasts."
"Don't worry. We'll make sure it doesn't happen." Ajatar knew the problem was Valeron.
Lith included Elysia only not to make the baby boy think there was something wrong with him.
***
Jiera continent, Zartha Region, Askont Reef, at the same time.
Erion the Jormungandr had rushed back to his lab instead of taking it easy like usual. It all had started when he had left the safety of the arrays of the city of Reghia, where he had gone to buy the necessary mana crystals for his next experiment.
Erion could feel someone watching him, following him. Even though Life Vision and his best life-sensing arrays told him he was alone, the Jormungandr trusted his gut feeling.
He could have asked for the help of the Emperor Beasts of Reghia, but help with what? There was nothing in sight. The Emperor Beasts would have invited Erion to stay as long as he wanted, while the mysterious presence could just wait until he left.
'If they have found me once, they can do it again.' Erion thought. 'I need to play this smart.'
He alternated high-speed flight with consecutive Warp Steps to cross the distance separating him from his house in record time. Also, he called everyone he trusted and alerted them of the problem, asking them to be ready to intervene if necessary.
Erion's house was part of the Beast Gate Network, and his allies could reach him in an instant thanks to the Warping Arrays connecting their turfs.
Once the Jormungandr reached the safety of his own defensive arrays and primed the Warp Gate, he felt confident enough to face whoever was stupid enough to challenge him.
"I know you are there." His magically amplified voice resonated through the coast for kilometers. "You are good at hiding, but not that good. Show yourself now and state your business, or you are going to wait months before I set scale outside again."
He could have bolted inside his home, under the safety of tons of enchanted rock and deep waters, but at that point only a madman would have attacked him.
A Jormungandr in his home and element was invincible.
By staying outside, Erion hoped to lure the stranger in the open and, if it were an enemy, to suppress them long enough for the reinforcements to arrive in case his considerable strength wasn't enough.
"You wouldn't have noticed me if I were trying to hide." Orpal said. "I made you aware of my presence so that you could return to your home. I wanted you to feel comfortable enough to have a civil conversation, not like a cornered rat."
The Dead King slowly descended from the sky, riding on the back of his steed, Moonlight. A sky-blue Griffon the size of an Emperor Beast glided down by his side. Erion had no idea how it was possible, but Jorl's beak was twisted in a disgusted expression.
The Storm Griffon didn't bother to hide his revulsion for the Jormungandr and showed his hostility by conjuring bolts of silver lightning around his body and releasing a deep violet aura.
In contrast, Orpal smiled and tried his best to appear harmless. There was no trace of his mystical spear, Thorn, and Erion could see with Life Vision that the Dead King had no spell at the ready.
'They probably want to play this with a bad constable good constable approach. Too bad I have no interest in playing games.' The Jormungandr decided to follow the Griffon's lead and revealed his feelings.
"Right, this is exactly what you did with that Wyvern, Ghirslak." Erion said as his jaw opened into a reptilian smile. "Let me guess. You have come to make me an offer I can't refuse. I teach you how to use Doom Tide, you give me power, correct?"
"I'm glad you know me and my intentions." Orpal nodded. "It will save us time."
"Of course I know you, Incontinent King." Erion emitted a mirthless laugh at that name. "The colonists from Garlen were so kind to release all the information they have about you, including your recent exploits.
"After you went to a Lesser Dragon to learn about Origin Flames, everyone assumed you would come to a Lesser Leviathan for Doom Time. I simply didn't expect you to come to me. I guess I'm that lucky."
"How can you turn down my offer without even listening to my terms?" Orpal glared at the blatant disrespect and the mockery in the Jormungardr's voice.
"Who said I'm turning down your offer?" Erion narrowed his eyes in surprise. "I'm in. As long as the power you offer me is the real deal, of course. Let me give you a small sign of good faith."
The defensive and Warping arrays powered down, relieving the Dead King and the Storm Griffon from their pressure. It didn't mean much since the Jormungandr needed but a thought to reactivate them, but it was still something.
"First, you offend me, and then you throw yourself into my arms?" Orpal released long-range array- and life-sensing spells, yet detected nothing.
Night checked their surroundings with Life Vision for any slight abnormality in the world energy that might indicate the presence of a Darwen-coated armor, but she didn't find anything either.
"I usually don't look a gifted Leviathan in the mouth, but I need to ask. What's your angle? Why are you so inclined to join me?"
"Why? Do you really not know, or are you just that stupid?" Erion snarled. "First, your beloved Great Mother came here and humiliated my forefather. She beat Fenagar to a pulp, yet no one dared to say a peep to her.
"The Awakened Council of Jiera even bent the knee to Tyris like a bunch of cowards instead of making her pay for her transgression! They obeyed Tyris' orders like dogs for nothing but a pat on their heads as a reward.
"Then that gods-damned Thrud did something right. She turned Jormungandrs into Leviathans, Nidhoggrs into Quetzalcoatls, and the gods only know what else. She found a way for us Lesser Leviathans, all of us, to become Divine Beasts, and what did the Garlen Council do?
"They exterminated my ascended brethren like rabid lizards and destroyed every chance we Lesser Leviathans finally had to evolve! They only spared a gods-damned Seven-Headed Dragon!
"Once again, an Awakened Council bent the knee, disregarding everyone's interests. The only difference is that this time, no Guardian bothered intervening. All the Hydras had to do was raise their voice a little, and everyone quaked in their boots.
"Last, but not least, you Garleners have invaded my continent. The Council did nothing. My forefather did nothing. Since everyone here on Jiera likes being a doormat, why can't I be the one stepping on their backs?
"If because of the Garlen Council I can't become a Leviathan any longer, why shouldn't I become another kind of Divine Beast? Because your Vukolax is a Divine Beast, right?"
"Vurdalak." Orpal grunted. "And yes. I'm a Divine Beast who can share his gift with anyone he wants."
"A 'yes' would have sufficed." Erion sneered.