"So, I'm 'dad' now?" Vastor snorted. "Now it's 'when the time comes'? Now you soften your language and say 'please'? Too little, too late, and I'm not that stupid. I fear no scandal.
"I know all the people in the right places. The moment you walk out that door, those people will learn about this conversation and have a good measure of your character. You'll be the ones buried by the scandal and become social pariahs.
"As for your motion, no judge will ever take it seriously while I'm still alive. Not while the Kingdom relies on me, and all six great academies would riot if the decades of service of an esteemed professor were to be ignored in favor of the likes of you.
"And once I'm dead, things won't get better for you either. My brother will have all the money to hire the best lawyers, and my friends will still remember this conversation. Headmaster Marth and Supreme Magus Verhen, just to name two.
"They'll live long after my demise, and I know they'll grant me my dying wish."
Vastor took a long pause to let his words sink in and the dreams of wealth of his sons crash against the harsh reality.
"Do you have anything left to say before I make that call?" He took his communicator amulet out and left his finger hanging above the contact rune of the Royals like the blade of the executioner.
Zesor ripped the documents to shreds, hoping for mercy, and left the room without saying a word. Quifar followed him soon after, wondering how they could have been stupid enough to join the long line of people who had underestimated their father and paid the price.
As soon as the door closed, Frey pulled Vastor's robe before he could make the call.
"I have something to say." He sobbed. "Please, don't die. Don't leave me alone, Dad."
"I'm not-" Filia tackled Vastor into a hug, cutting him short.
"You can't die, Dad. You promised!" She bawled her eyes out. "Stay with us. Please!"
"I'm not going anywhere, children." Vastor hugged them while inwardly cursing his big mouth. "What do you say if I call your mother and we all have lunch here?"
They nodded and sniffled, but refused to let go of his mage robe.
'It's funny how Lith and I are the twisted reflection of each other.' He thought. 'We are humans with an Abomination side and are forced to keep many secrets from those we love.
'Yet while Lith has been open with his wife and has to keep the little Valeron in the dark, I have told Filia and Frey everything about my past marriage while hiding my research from Zin.
'When the truth comes out, the result may vary greatly between us, but I can feel we both are dancing on a knife's edge. One mistake on our part or a single snag in our carefully set stage, and the puppet will see its strings.
'That's all it takes to turn comedy into tragedy.'
***
During the following days, life at the Verhen Mansion became even more hectic than before.
Jirni and Orion didn't like having a vampire as their neighbor much, especially with the little Dripha having no concept of fear or danger.
Yet they needed the protection of those enchanted walls and trusted Lith's judgement over their own prejudices. The same thing had happened when Rena had introduced Syrah, Br'ey, and Urhen to them.
It wasn't every day that they met a Hati, an orc, and a Balor, in their unfallen state and with their rationality intact. Ryla was a different story since they had met her and Garrik earlier in Quylla's relationship with Morok, back when the Ernas had full control of their lives.
The friendship with the Fomor and her help made the transition smoother despite the innate fears of parents with a small child.
The representatives of Zelex visited the Mansion often with their children, to enjoy freedom and open air while still having a mana geyser below their feet that kept them from shortening their lifespan.
Nyka and Kalla moved into the Verhen Mansion first, while Nok joined them the day after. The Wight's external appearance was as impressive as her personality was baffling.
Between her calm demeanor and her forgetfulness, the only danger Kalla posed was to one's nerves. She often asked people to repeat or introduce themselves since she would suddenly forget who her guests were and what they were talking about.
"Let me get this straight. I'm supposed to eat with this thing." Kalla studied the shape of a fork as she was about to have her first breakfast in the Mansion.
"Yes, Kalla." Elina nodded. "You stick the food with the end of the fork, bring it to your mouth, rinse, and repeat."
"I see." The Wight had taken a human appearance to sit at the table with the others and socialize. "Let's dig in, then."
"Finally!" Unlike her, Nok had no trouble eating from a bowl on the ground, nor being stuck in the pet area.
Kalla took a piece of an omelet, bit it down, and pulled out what was left of her fork.
"I think forks are a waste of metal." She said. "This one won't last more than two more bites, and then I'll need another. It also ruins the taste of your delicious food, Elina."
"That's because you eat *with* the fork, Mom." Nyka managed to blush in embarrassment despite having no blood flow. "You are supposed to bite the food off, not the metal!"
"It makes sense." The Wight turned what was left of the cutlery in her hand to assess if it could still serve its original purpose. "I need another fork, please."
"I'll get it for you, Mom." The Eternal Dusk array kept Nyka from slumbering, and thick curtains kept sunlight from harming her. "I'm sorry, guys, she's just- Mom!"
"What is it, dear?" Kalla was cleaning her mouth with the hem of her gown, exposing most of her legs.
"Don't do that! Clothes are to cover ourselves, not to wipe off food residues. That's what napkins are for."
"I don't see the difference." Kalla replied. "They are both pieces of cloth. On top of that, my dress cleans itself. I'm being respectful to our host by not dirtying their table."
"Just do as I say." Nyka whimpered. "I'll explain etiquette to you later."
"As you wish, baby girl."
Nyka didn't like being called baby girl in public, but that was the least of her worries at the moment, so she soldiered on.
'A vampire that gets flustered like that and cares what we think about her weird mother can't be dangerous.' Jirni thought.
The one who disliked the new guests the most was Fluffly the Byk, Garrik's steed, but not because he was afraid of vampires.
"Great Mother almighty, Nok!" Kalla said upon their first meeting. "When did you get so fat? And what happened to your beautiful cyan mana core?"
"I think there's a misunderstanding, miss." The confused Byk replied. "I'm not Nok. My name is-"
"Don't you try that trick on me again, young cub!" Kalla snarled. "I've fallen for it enough times to learn from my mistakes. Now give me twenty laps of the Mansion, now!"